Not what I expected...in a bad way! Booked 2 nights here, one night at either end of a vacation. Stayed the night on a Friday before an early Saturday morning flight. Checkin was very good, staff at that point were simply great. Based on the reviews posted on here, I expected a great nights sleep with the raves about the new beds and how comfy they were. I am convinced someone who works at this hotel wrote those reviews!! The bed we had (queen) was new maybe, but hard as a rock. It hurt my ribs to lay on my side more than one minute...something I have never experienced...even when laying on a hard floor. Having been to numerous countries, I have experienced some pretty uncomfortable beds. This bed was by far...the worst. I believe what made it so bad, was the pillows they had. They felt like feather pillows...very soft to touch and squeeze. But place your head on it, and they went flat..very flat, stayed flat...felt like sleeping on a sandbag. I never did get to sleep.I gave up at 2:30 am...my body now racked with pain...as if I had been hit by a truck. Have never experienced any kind of bed that actually made my body ache and hurt from laying on it for that short a period of time. Went to the lobby to get a cup of their 24 hour coffee. It was indeed very good coffee...that part was great. Stepped outside the lobby doors to have a smoke, and heard the doors lock behind me. Wasn't sure why that was, but had my key, so no big deal. Watched in amazement as this kid (23?) comes running across the street and right up to the lobby door entrance where I am standing. In pursuit is a white mustang car with 2 thugs in it threatening to kill this guy. I honestly got spooked and decided to step back in and get out the way in case something happened. Guess what...couldn't get back in! No place to put your key and open the doors. Had to wait for the guy on duty to respond to open the door (slow as all heck!) and only after I had convinced him I actually had a room there??? Got brave again after the mustang and thugs took off, and the guy left the front of the hotel. Stepped back out to have another cup of that really good coffee with another smoke...had to calm my nerves! I'm halfway done with my coffee, when up walk 4 young guys...totally hammered. They just hung outside and smoked and joked about the night they just had. Turns out they were military...stationed in Hawaii...on leave I suppose? They were actually very nice guys...although very drunk. They decided to go into their room...again after a couple minutes of trying to convince the guy on duty behind the desk that the hotel keys they were showing were real...and for that hotel. They got about 7 or 8 steps toward the elevator when one of them turns and runs for the door to go outside again. Guess what's coming next?? Yep...barely got the door open, and he just starts puking all over the enrtyway of the lobby just outside the doors. Honestly hurled like for 3 or 4 minutes...a real mess to say the least. Sad to say...at this point I was amused. I began to wonder just what the heck kind of place was this I had booked a room...for 2 nights!! I managed to mostly step around the puke and get back in to the hotel...the night guy knows me by now and just unlocks the door without the formal proof of room rental there. I leave at 4am...FINALLY! I check out and head for the door with my luggage in tow...only to be greeted with this huge pile of puke that there is still no way to get around without having the ability to jump 8-10 feet with luggage in flight. I couldn't believe the lazy desk guy had not at least hosed the mess out of the way...it was a huge mess and he did NOTHING! I asked him how I was to get out without getting the puke on my shoes or luggage, and he simply rolled his eyes and went back into his little room off the back of the front desk. I couldn't believe it! Yes...I got puke on my shoes, simply no way around it without jumping over it....impossible with luggage. Did I mention I had booked a room there for the night after my flight returned....and had already paid for it? Yep I did. Got back into Seattle at 12:30am...dead tired. Even though it had been reserved, and paid for...I drove right on by without even thinking of spending the night there. You could not have paid me to stay there that night...or ever again. And no, I am not making one bit of this up...all true! And you guys that work there at this place...I know you read these reviews because we discussed the rave reviews about your beds at check-in...you really need to find some better night help if nothing else. The night being discussed here was 10-24-2008. All I can say is the coffeee was good....but at $154 a cup in my case...it really should be good coffee! 
Excellent budget option in Seattle We enjoyed our stay at the #Travelodge# in Seattle. We did have a few issues, but nothing major and we actually extended another two nights.Pros:- Good size rooms- Large king beds- Really comfy, new linens, duvets and hundreds of pillows- New carpets and nice hallways- Good cable TV service with on demand films, TV programmes- Friendly staff- Free parking- Coffee in reception was actually drinkable- Good location for Space Centre and about a 10-15 minute walk to downtown- Good value, we paid 拢50 inc tax weekday and 拢65 at the weekend- Excellent local pizza delivery place called Bambinos - fresh, homemade and deliciousCons: - We had a downstairs room which smelt really musty and was damp - we didn't bother to ask to move as we spent little time in our room- Bathrooms are a little grungy - they need redoing and the towels were thin- Heating/air con unit was a blast from the past - it just about heated the room up but it was like a jet engine taking off - you could hear everyone elses too- Although the location was good, it was a little 'lively' at night. Having a ground floor room, we were a little distracted by the locals having street races and generally hanging out on a Friday/Saturday night. Probably congragating round the nearby McDonalds. - Housekeeping staff pretty noisy in the morning if you're trying to have a lie in- Breakfast usual free continential buffet but the room is tiny and you're not supposed to take it back to your room (although I sneaked it on a couple of occasions).- They advertise a self-service laundry but looked surprised when I asked to use it (I had run out of pants). Still never got an answer as to why they have it in their in room brochure and website and yet it doesn't exist in the hotelI'd say this is a very good value budget option for Seattle with a car. You can't really get the location with free parking for less. But go for a room higher up and just make sure you don't need to do any laundry! 
Great continental breakfast We stayed for 2 nights and it was just okay. You can see that they have really made an effort to renovate, but there are still a few touches needed. For example, the bedding is all new, but the carpeting is still old, the bathrooms still need painting and look grungy, plus the elevators have a funny smell. When we arrived 2 hours before check-in they didn't have any rooms available. However, there is free parking, and they are located close to the Space Needle (only a few blocks away). It is about a 15-20 minute walk to Pike Market, and the front desk staff suggested a great place to eat. But if you are considering booking a room, shop around for rates but then call them directly. We would have saved about $30CAD/night if we called them directly (we know this because Expedia charged us when we booked the room in August, then the hotel accidentally charged us after we checked out). They also do not have a 1-800 number if you are trying to contact the hotel directly and the reservation line (which is a 1-800 number) cannot transfer you. The free continental breakfast is great - they have a variety of foods and you can make your own waffles! The pool looked nice, but we didn't get a chance to use it. 
Loved the Renovations, New Bedding and Manager I stayed at this #Travelodge# in December 2007 (no comment) and again on September 4th.... BIG BIG BIG Difference, the Bedding - OMG like staying at a Hilton, the docor... like a possible trendy hotel, the new manager..... very friendly, knowledgeble, passionate.... new hotel, new staff and I am a believer now... I came back by not much choice and is very happy that I did.Free Parking and just a block from the Space Needle and Monorail.... and the breakfast..... Wow! I recommend this hotel to my mother..... 
Not bad Stayed here with my girlfriend for one night.It has great location for the Space Needle, it's about a five minute walk although not sure about how far from dowtown.The hotel itself was nice and clean and the room and bathroom were a good size.There was also a small pool and an excellent complimentary breakfast along with free wifi.Our main complaint was the rude service we received from the front desk upon arrival and when checking out. The man/teenager that checked us in was quite ignorant and rude.Overall we would of been happy to stay in this hotel longer if we had been in Seattle longer. 
Good location, but average hotel My family and I stayed at this hotel for six nights in May. The hotel is still undergoing renovations. The best and worst things about the hotel are its location. It is very close to the space needle (about three blocks away). It's also about a 5-10 minute walk from Lake Union. The neighborhood felt fairly safe during the daytime. I'm not sure if I would walk it at night. There were a few transients in the area. It didn't seem to us as if there were very many restaurants close by. The room was very small, but did seem as if it had been recently renovated. The remote controls for the tv were very simplistic, so that you had to scroll through each channel rather than being able to simply enter the channel you wanted. The free internet in the lobby was cool, but they ask you to limit your time to 15 minutes. The breakfast sucked! I'm still trying to figure out how they can say it has 26 items. The eggs were like hard biscuits and nothing had flavor to it. It was mainly bread, waffles, bagels, and danishes. The hotel staff seemed uninterested. You can hear everything that goes on above you and in the rooms next door. 
Nice hotel and good service! We just returned from our 7-days stay at the #Travelodge# Seattle by the Space Needle and we really enjoyed our vacation at this hotel. The staff was very obliging and I really liked the 24 hour Coffee in the lobby. We had a two doublebed-room for two people and it was okay, the bathroom was great, very light and clean and the shower was super. I also liked the Express Check-In/ Check-Out and the free-internet in the lobby. We had no car during our stay but we reached most of the sightseeing spots of Seattle by foot and those outside Downtown by bus. If you don't want to walk much, you can also take the monorail to get downtown. The Space needle and the EMP and SciFi Museum are only a few minutes away and you can also reach Belltown within 10 minutes, where you can find many nice small restaurants and bars. All things considered I can recommend this hotel for tourists who want to see much of the city and stay at a good and advantageous hotel. 
hmm the jury's out The hotel is undergoing renovations, which is fine and will make for a better hotel, but some of the desk staff were really indifferent to rude. Offering 24 hour coffee in the lobby and wireless internet access in the room was appreciated. The 26 item breakfast didn't allow anything for someone wheat intolerant as I am and I was sorry to have asked if there were an alternative cereal in the stores.. :(Some of the desk staff were okay but for a business making its money in..er..tourism..the attitude of some of the others could well have been improved.Great location though! Being right at the foot of the space needle means the monorail into the city centre is right there as well, so makes for quick trips. 
Not bad. We stayed for two nights, last minute, and we needed downtown. TLBTSN was the cheapest on Expedia. The elevator had some issues involving the door, but we just took the stairs. Our room was small for two double beds, but the bathroom was beautiful and warm. It's quite apparent that they no longer approve of smoking in the rooms(they even make you sign an agreement), and you can tell why. One bed had multiple strange black marks (burns?) on the blanket, and the room was stuffy. Fortunately we were spending only a few sleeping hours there, so no big deal. The continental breakfast included waffles, toast, sausage and eggs, coffee, juices, bagels, pastries, cereal, and fruit. Yum! The room was clean and practical; if you're in town for a weekend and just need a place to crash, it was in a great location. 
Terrified I had done some brief research before hand before settling on this hotel for the night. Big mistake. I walked in and it was dark  dingy. That should have been my first warning. After booking a room (I was running late for my meeting) I went up in the elevator to the 4th floor (thought it was safest up there) and I thought the elevator was going to break down on the way up. After getting into the hotel room I locked the door and looked around. There was a weird smell which I wasn't able to pin-point until about 15 minutes later when someone was trying to get into my room. I identified that it was a maintenance man before I let him into the room. He tried to explain to me that the carpets had to be steam cleaned because the people before me made a little mess. A little mess should not require steam cleaning! I sucked it up and wouldn't ask for another room because my thought is it could only get worse. I left for my meeting and came back around 11:30 pm, promptly went up to the room, threw both locks on the door and even put a chair against the door. Heat? Don't think so... it was a heat/air conditioning box by the window that was so loud you couldn't sleep with it on. The night was restless and I woke up several times because I was cold. The sheets were clean, the bed was nice, but the bedspread smelt like vomit and the other one had cigarette burns in it. I promptly left at 8am and didn't even bother to stay for their new continental breakfast. I was too frazzled to complain (I've sent a letter to the head office) on the spot. Made it home 3 hours later where I tried to scrub the horror of the room off of me. Never again will I stay in a #Travelodge#. 
Affordable and decent       #Travelodge# Seattle 
Not recommended When we planned our trip to Seattle, we booked a room online with 2 queens beds, and confirmed our reservation over the phone. All was okay. Upon arrival, we discovered that there were no queen rooms available. We were offered a room with 2 double beds, and the beds ended up being way too small. The front counter staff(who were the only good part of our experience) offered us a room with a king bed and a hide-a-bed. Unfortunately, the room in question was beside the elevator shaft, and was extremely noisy. On top of that, with the hide-a-bed open, you couldn't access the bathroom????? We ended up back in a double bed room(after an hour of mucking around) and the management only knocked $10 off of our bill.The hotel is extremely run-down. The bathrooms in both rooms we were in were severely dated. The hotel is in the middle of a reno, but from what I saw, the work being done is a bandaid at best. The only positive thing I can say about my stay(other than the cheerful and helpful front desk staff) is that the hotel is very close to all the action. They also offer free parking, IF you can find a spot in their VERY small lot.I rate the Space Needle #Travelodge# a 3 out of 10. 
Nice hotel, OK neighborhood. My wife and I just got back a visit to Seattle and stayed at the #Travelodge# for five nights. This hotel is not very clean. There was no bathtub- only a small shower. We were traveling with a baby- so we were not able to bath her there.It is cheap and the location is very close to the space needle. However, the area is a little bit seedy.We also recieved a call to our room- my husband answered and a woman on the phone asked Do you want some company?, when he asked who was calling she said Oh, this is Candy, and he hung up. We spoke with the front desk about it, and they told us that the call must have come from within the hotel- because there had not been any calls connected to our room through them. This did not make us feel much better.He said that it wasn't the first time that someone complained about prostitiues calling the rooms.We switched hotels to the La Quinta Inn and Suites, a little bit more money- but it was way nicer. 
Wasn't wild about the #Travelodge# While the rates were ok for this hotel, I find their hotel description somewhat misleading (newly completed renovations, finished in 1997???). The rooms are outdated for 1987 actually. They're a normal size, beds are alright. Our family is usually as budget minded as they come, and we picked this hotel for proximity to Space Needle. However, after one night we switched hotels. The area around this hotel is very suspect. The hallways are pretty noisy (and the big inch-high gaps under the doors made in the 50's or 60's don't help for noise reduction). My husband and kids tried the hot tub but couldn't get out fast enough when a layer of scum covered the water when they turned on the jets.Our travel rewards program rates this hotel a Tier 4, out of 5. We've stayed in budget hotels all over western Canada  the US - this is the only one we've left after one night. There's no way it should be a Tier 4 - I shudder to imagine what a Tier 1 would be like. I doubt I would ever check availability at this hotel again. I only picked it since it was the only reasonably priced hotel near Space Needle with a pool. I would now either spend a few extra min driving or give up the pool. You'd have to be seriously budget minded to enjoy this hotel. Also, if you're looking for the downtown action and proximity promised by this hotel, be prepared for a long walk. It was many blocks before we were into that kind of area. 
Would stay there again Proximity to the Space Needle -great. Free Parking-greatRooms of average size (117),clean, good shower, thick towels, but not much in the way of toiletries.Good rate for a three night stay through website.Breakfast wasn't much, but the donuts were so-o-o-o good and fresh. Front desk people were excellent - helpful, courteous, polite.I would stay here again for a basic, no-frills room. However, I would probably ask for a room on the third or fourth floor.Why pay more? 
good location Great location but rooms could do with some updating, the windows didn't open (ground floor) so room was dim  stuffy. 
Great location We were pleased with the staff and location upon arriving to this #Travelodge# by the Space Needle. Due to the location of the #Travelodge#, we parked our car and walked to restaurants and attractions. The free ride service was several blocks away but once we became familiar with how to navigate around Seattle via the buses we were on our way. We met interantional travelers and had a great time seeing the city up close and personal.There were some noisy neighbors who had children and/or were partying but that did not spoil our stay. After spending two weeks traveling through Wahington, the #Travelodge# provided us with one of the best beds we experienced during our vacation.Keep up the great work. 
#Travelodge# is very run down, Only thing good about it, is how close This travelodge is very run down, the only thing good about it, is that it's close to the space needle. It costs to much for what you get. I'll drive if I have to next time. I will never stay there again. They need to fix the place up!! 
The price is about right I stayed at the #Travelodge# in mid-late March 2006. My two nights in the #Travelodge#'s kid-friendly Sleepy Bear Den on the third floor were pleasant. I will agree with previous reviews about the hotel being in dire need of updating (both structurally  decoratively) but fast elevators  fancy artwork are not lodging necessities for me. Our first room did not have a fridge (I thought all rooms did but I guess they don't)  without hesitation, Dan graciously switched us to the Sleepy Bear Den, a room with not only a fridge but a VCR (which we didn't use, though, since the hotel only stocks kid movies, but Sex  the City was on so who needs movies)... didn't charge us the higher rate! He was also very helpful with info about the city bus (which has a stop about 500 yards from the hotel). My friend  I found the hotel to be in a great location since it was within walking distance to the Space Needle  surrounding attractions,  it's near the interstate. Finding a parking spot was never a problem,  the area appeared to be safe (I was worried about my car but nothing happened). Our room was clean  contained all the standard amenities,  was quiet. The best feature was the wireless internet access in all the rooms...I logged right on  got up-to-the-minute info about things to do in the area. While I did not use it, I did take a look at the pool  it looked great. Breakfast was nothing to write home about...just a typical continental breakfast. But overall, I would stay at the #Travelodge# again  again as the price  location cannot be beat. 
Great location, Friendly folks The hotel is not brand new, but it was good for the money and location. It could stand an updating, but overall I found it to be clean. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. We didn't get a chance to check out the pool or the breakfast, so I can't comment on those features. The hotel has wi-fi in the lobby and dial-up in the room, for those folks who are slaves to their computers. The hotel is located three blocks from Seattle Center (Space Needle, Sci-Fi Museum, Experience the Music Project and carnival rides.) The monorail is at the Seattle Center as well, which means you can ride to downtown shopping area and near Pike's Place Market without having to worry about traffic and parking. 
Great Hotel This hotel was great friendly staff the place was clean, in room safe, hot tub, pool, great price, walking distance to the spaceneedle close to the waterfront nice neighborhood what more could you want we stayed here for a week had a great stay and vacation if we ever get back to Seattle we would stay here again. 
You get what you pay for... The #Travelodge# does 'what it says on the tin.' Its a basic no frills hotel/motel that provides accomodation in a good location with easy access to the I-5 and a classic 24hr boozer/diner just down the street. The shuttle bus for Safeco Field was a good deal as well.The room has a shag carpet 70s-80s feel to it, likely because thats when it was built or last upgraded, but so what. The bathroom was in good condition and the bed was comfortable enough.If you're looking for something more - pay for it. 
Sleep-Deprived in Seattle  
