Good hotel for a nice price Select this hotel in case you want to stay at the Ramblas. You can choose between silent site (at the back of the hotel and the Ramblas site). Big rooms, fully equiped bathroom. Great breakfast.Really nice staff, helpful and friendly.Just 96,50 Euro 1 room 2 persons.Ramblas 40 [-] 
Still good, but rooms smaller!       View from the balcony 
A great hotel The hotel had a great location. Almost in the city but still near e.g. the Aquarium. The room price was reasonable and it was a really familyroom for 5. Good service. Breakfast was modest but ok. 
Comfortable and convenient From the initial email booking contact, through follow up questions, and arrival for a week long stay everything was handled professionally and expeditiously.Very well located on La Rambla about 3 blocks from the harbor and midway between 2 Metro stops. The Barri Gotic is literally around the corner.Modest room offered basic comforts, plenty of closet space, large bath, and personal safe. Well worth the price.Wonderful breakfast facility in a cheerful room.The Hotel web site has links to maps  directions. A salon has a computer for guest use and wifi access for those with personal computers.All staff members were pleasant and helpful, making for a very enjoyable stay 
Didn't like it The internal room that we stayed was very bad.Bad smell, range but cold and ugly bathroom, with a lovely view of a dirty skylight between buildings.Very bad breakfast that we only tried once, before go for a normal breakfast outside.We also gave to the reception some card postals (as they proposed) that never went to their destinations.The only good of this hotel is that is located in the center of La Rambla.The Hotel is very cheap but if you have to go outside to have a normal payed breakfast, it makes it normal price. 
loved location This hotel is located in the middle of Las Ramblas, metro stop Liceu. Very convenient for walking/metro all Barcelona sights. Older hotel but very nice. Service was great, they speak English. Rooms clean, comfortable, shower, good AC, hair dryer. $90euro/double in July. Breakfast included, pretty plain, but great food is everywhere, including Starbucks. www.h4n.com 
Great hotel for a long weekend ! We booked this hotel as it is so much cheaper than other 3 or 4 star hotels, and it had such good reviews on Tripadvisor. We stayed for 3 nights and it was a great find. We were delayed and arrived very late but had no problems checking in. Our room was basic but 100% clean, spacious and air conditioned. We had a view onto Las Ramblas but it wasn't too noisy with the window shut. The room was cleaned every day, hotel staff were friendly, and the location was fantastic. We would definately recommend this hotel. 
Loved Hotel Cuatro Naciones       Our room...318 
Just the job       On the tour bus 
very nice hotel centrally located       room1 
Excellent budget choice in central Barcelona We stayed at Cuatro Naciones for 4 nights in September 2006 and we can really recommend it! The room was absolutely clean when we arrived, and it was cleaned every day in a very efficient manner. Our room was to the back side of the hotel, so it was quiet. The breakfest was ok for us, a typical Spanish one. It kept us going until lunch (which in Barcelona is about 2.30 pm). The hotel is really in the middle of everything - the location could not be better. The front door opens to the Rambla, the harbour is 5 min away. The old town starts around the corner - everything we valued was just around us. Of course you can easily pay 800 鈧?for 4 nights in Barcelona - or you can stay at Cuatro Naciones and pay 360 鈧?for 4 nights as we did. Just think what you can do with the difference... 
It was just like the reviews! I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in late September 2006 during a business trip to Barcelona. From the moment I stepped into the lobby, I felt welcomed and very satisfied with my decision to choose this hotel. Other reviews on this site had mentioned what great atmosphere and service was to be had for such a great deal - and they were 100% true, right down to the best part of the establishment - those two lovely, charming gentlemen who insist on carrying your heavy bags to your room, showing you how everything works and helping you with the complimentary continental breakfast every morning. It was clean, spacious, very handy (right in the heart of everything on La Rambla) and the free WiFi service was an added bonus. The only improvement I might suggest is a wider range for the WiFi service all the way up to the 3rd floor as the signal faded on the 1st floor. Still, I had a lovely room with a terrace and a great stay. I would definitely go back and recommend to my friends and family. This place is definitely worth more that its two stars! 
Everything you need at an affordable price My husband and I stayed at this hotel recently, few days before and after our Mediterranean cruise. For us it was an excellent location, on La Rambla, 20 minutes from the airport, near to the cruise port and to other touristic sites that you can visit just by walking few blocks or by taking public transportation.The place is very very clean, nothing fancy but it has everything you need if you are just looking for a save and clean place to sleep.It has a PC in the lounge with free internet access and breakfast is included, which is not the great thing but good enough to be included in the price. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, they even kept our luggage in a locked room before and after we checked in/out as we arrived early and left late.I read other reviews of people complaining about little details like decoration, breakfast, noisy rooms, etc...after all if you are on one the busiest streets of Barcelona where people never sleep what can you expect if you get a room with a balcony?, Also, If you know it is a 2 stars hotel don't expect chandeliers and Michelangelo鈥檚 pieces in the rooms...to conclude, this hotel has everything you need at an affordable price (compared to other similar hotels in the area) and we definitely would go back again.Desi and Ricardo, From Canada 
We really liked this place. Great location - right in the heart of all of the tourist excitement - but close to the public transportation to all of the city sites. Planning to stay there on our next visit. Free internet access and nice breakfast. Very friendly staff. 
A bit tired               More photos 
It's the staff... Other reviewers have already said it, but I'd like to repeat it: It's the friendly staff at Hotel Cuatro Naciones. My wife and I spent six nights there in the past three weeks: four before a cruise and two after it. My wife lost her plug adaptor, and the staff came up with a box behind the desk and loaned us one. The airline lost our luggage for a day, and the staff brought it up the moment it arrived. We arrived before rooms were ready when our cruise ended, and the staff placed our bags in a locked room until the room was ready, then moved everything themselves. They explained how to get to a theater that has movies in English. It's clean, it's in a great location; it's quiet. The only thing it isn't is expensive. At 85 euros per night (about $115), it's half what most hotels in Barcelona seem to go for. 
Historically important, family-run hotel on Las Ramblas My wife and I stayed at Hotel Cuatro Naciones from February 9 - 14, 2006. This older hotel has been home away from home for Buffalo Bill, Ulysses Grant, Albert Einstein and, as I said, my wife and I. We selected it because of its location directly on Las Ramblas. While we found it to be an acceptable choice (approx. 80 Euros + tax for a double room), it is an older hotel and couldn't quite match the comfort of Hotel Principal, the other hotel we stayed at. Hotel Cuatro Naciones is located about 5 minutes walking distance from the harbor. We advise taking the public bus from the airport to Plaza Spanya (probably spelled wrong). From there, you walk down Las Ramblas for about 10 minutes, before finding the hotel on the right. We also did some wonderful dining in Barcelona during our 8-day stay and highly recommend the following two restaurants. Both are located within walking distance from the hotel and very good dinners cost only about 12 - 15 Euros: La Dolca Herminia (Magdalenes 27 / 08002 Barcelona (10 minute walk)) and La Fonda (carrer dels Escudellers 10 = right around the corner from the hotel). 
great stayed in the hotel from 5-9th september this year. Excellent value for money 80 euro for double room ensuite with sky tv hairdyrer and balcony onto los ramblas....spotlessly clean, very friendly staff, breakfast wee bit crap...only a croissant and coffee but still ok and served until 11 am for long liers like me. great location near bottom of street bit noisy at night but maybe due to balcony over looking street... got recommended great restaurant 2 minutes around corner by hotel staff...la fondu...spanish food,white table clothes, nice lighting. we had two courses, two main courses, a litre of house wine....30 euro between us you may have to queue so get there early (opens at 8.30pm) or wait until 9.30 when people start coming out..great food and service. 
Our favorite hotel on our 3 week trip! This hotel was great! The price is incredible. You can't beat the location, right on La Rambla and within walking distance to several sights and to the ocean. The hotel has a cool, funky feel to it and the decor is really interesting. The front desk staff was always helpful and pleasant and they always had someone at the desk. The front desk staff spoke english well and graciously humored our attempts at Spanish. They have a cute breakfast room and friendly service. The breakfast is nothing fancy, but is the usual for this price range. You could have croissants, rolls, juice, coffee, jam, etc. Our favorite thing was the salon. They have a lounge room, called the salon, where people can hang out. It was open 24 hrs and had a TV, lounge chairs and FREE internet access. If you are traveling with a group, this is a great place to meet up and make plans in the morning or sit around and talk or play cards in the evening. The salon has a balcony overlooking La Rambla, so it was cool to stand up there and drink coffee in the mornings and watch the people go by while we planned our day.Our room was surprisingl huge and had its own terrace. Ask for a room with a terrace when you make your reservation. I don't know which room we had, but it was on the 4th floor. Everything was spotlessly clean and the maid came every day and cleaned our room and brought fresh towels. We had a TV with several Spanish channels and a couple in English. We had our own air conditioner and it cooled the room quickly. This is a must in the summer when you are walking around all day! Our bathroom fixtures were great and they had a bidet (a life-changing experience for my husband, who was sad to leave the bidet when we moved on to another hotel!). We had a big tub with a mounted shower head that you could remove and use as a hand-held. We stayed in several hotels on our trip and this was the best. You can't beat the location, value and amenities. I will definitely stay here again when I visit Barcelona. 
awesome The best location for the price. Nice rooms with friendly staff. you can't go wrong. Would stay there again and again. 
Central but quiet Hotel Nacciones is very centrally located ,but our interior room, altho small was very quiet.The service from the delightful staff was excellent. 
Great location, great price My friend and I stayed at Hotel Cuatro Naciones for (3) nights 9/29 - 10/2. Ok, the hotel is old, and maybe the common areas aren't glitzy (or even close.) However, the room was very clean, the bathroom new and modern, the airconditioning worked very well, the location is great, and we paid less than $100 USD per night. Breakfast was the basic coffee and croissant. There are so many places to grab a better quick and inexpensive bite, we didn't bother the following morning. Bring earplugs - La Rambla is very noisy all night (Friday night was the worst.) There's an Internet spot directly across the street, fyi. The neghborhood directly to the east of the hotel (as you work your way over to El Born) scared us the first night we walked through, but we got over it. I'd stay there again. 
awesome location, friendly staff Hotel room was large, clean and was very conveniently located right on Las Ramblas. We had a balcony suite facing Las ramblas. staff was very friendly. however, we didn't enjoy the included breakfast....better meal on las ramblas. 
Great hotel I stayed at the cuatro naciones for 7 nights in sep `04. The staff bent over backwards for me. The room was average, no mini bar, but the location is perfect. It麓s only 2 minutes to placa reial, which is a good time, and the oceans a short walk. Also, on a day when i was feeling a little under the weather the maids respected my privacy and left me alone. 
Buffalo Bill Slept Here Apparently, the C.N. is one of the oldest hotels in Barcelona. They claim that Buffalo Bill once stayed there. He must have stayed in our room and smoked in bed.How else do we explain the ancient, crusty cigarette burns on our bed covers?We asked for a double. We ended up with a 3 1/2. One small single bed. One pop-up single beneath that we never used. One tiny double bed, large enough for one person sleeping diagonally. We could feel every spring in the mattress. I've been more comfortable sleeping on the floor.Our plumbing for some weird reason sounded like a fireworks show. But it worked well enough. Our bathroom had a bidet and a decent shower - which, yes, you have to hold up to use. Another reviewer suggested bringing a bungee cord so that you could make your own stand-up shower. We don't get it -- why should anyone HAVE to bring a bungee?Nevertheless, the location can't be beat. The breakfast is adequate. The coffee is the best machine coffee we've ever had. And the air conditioning works well.All in all, some good things, some bad things. But they tend to cancel out.The best thingsabout this place are the location, the pleasant staff, the price and the fact that it was cleaner than we thought it might be. No bugs, no obvious dirt or mold.And from the other reviews it seems that some rooms are better than others. Wouldn't hurt to check the room out before making the final committment to the place. 
Wonderful Hotel!!! After endless Internet searching, this was the cheapest hotel I could find in Barcelona for the month of June, and let me tell you - it was well worth the money! It was very centrally located on La Ramblas yet very quiet... a haven in an otherwise bustling city. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean and safe. The room had a free safe for storage of valuables. Breakfast was also included in the price of the room, which was nice because it helped cut down the costs of eating in this expensive city. For 80 Euros a night this place was a dream. I would recommend this hotel over and over again!!!(ps I don't know why people complain about bare rooms - the rooms were fine! They were beautiful!) 
Plain, but comfortable Located right on the Ramblas with modern adequate rooms. The english speaking staff was pleasant and helpful. Noisy, but what isn't in Barcelona. 
Ewwwwww Do not stay here! We visited 5 cities and stayed in hotels all under 100 euros per night...this was by far the worst. The bed was worse than a cot you'd use on a campout. Our room overlooked a cement wall. The breakfast is not even worth mentioning. Do not stay here....you can find cheap hotel for much better. 
A Jewel! We stayed at the Cuatro Naciones for a week in May, '04, picking it over others based on the reviews posted here. It did not disappoint. The staff is wonderful. Very clean rooms. The breakfast, though basic, is fine. And the 2 gentlemen (who aren't that elderly) referred to by other reviewers, were simply wonderful. The most challenging decision is whether to pick a room overlooking la Rambla. We decided to do so, staying on the 2d floor (which is actually the 4th, by U.S. counting). La Rambla is noisy, so the 'balacany' door to the street had to be closed at nite, which was fine. But it was enjoyable to have it open during the day when we were in so we could 'people watch', which was great fun. One suggestion: most rooms have a bath with a 'hand-held' shower head. Take along a small bungie cord to rig the shower head up to get a more traditional shower.  
Decent Value This is once of the cheapest hotels I could find in Barcelona and is well located on La Rambla. The rooms are clean, the staff are friendly and everything is is working order (bathroom, lifts etc). It is not a particularly comfortable hotel (e.g. the rooms are not nicely furnished or well decorated), although it is by no means uncomfortable. All in all I think it offers decent value in an expensive city. 
Great base for the best of barcelona   showReview(1611757, 'full');  
Great Hotel for the Price   showReview(1543829, 'full');  
loved the cuatro naciones   showReview(1429213, 'full');  
Clean, great locale, but a little loud   showReview(1395136, 'full');  
Not all That and a bag of chips   showReview(1373481, 'full');  
Basic but brilliant   showReview(1283808, 'full');  
Location, Location, Location   showReview(1030477, 'full');  
met all my demands   showReview(985698, 'full');  
Efficient and friendly staff.   showReview(985064, 'full');  
Cheap and Cheerful   showReview(692907, 'full');  
Hotel Cuatro Naciones Super   showReview(21873751, 'full');  
Conodo e pratico   showReview(17368880, 'full');  
lo consiglio a tutti   showReview(15523261, 'full');  
OTTIMO   showReview(10416740, 'full');  
Un hotel con encanto en el centro   showReview(10247605, 'full');  
super h么tel   showReview(10058004, 'full');  
Ci tornerei all'Hotel cuatro naciones!!!   showReview(7711130, 'full');  
Buena estadia   showReview(5625223, 'full');  
