Very efficient and nice hotel We stopped off in Berlin on the last leg of our jaunt around central europe and we thought that we would go five star. This place is immaculately cleaned and organised. The staff were really helpful (gave us advice on local restaurants). We didn't have breakfast there as it cost too much.For our city view room for 99 Euros we got the use of sauna free - which was nice. The pool was available for everybody in the hotel. A bit small but fine for a hotel pool.The location was quiet and near many other hotels and easily accessible to all major sites - tourist and shopping in Berlin.Good hotel if you want the massive 7 floor hundreds of rooms place. 
very lovely rooms extremely tasteful nice hotel . Rooms large, beds very comfortable, lovely bathrooms. Lovely tasteful public areas and all exceptionally clean. Very friendly staff. We didnt have breakfast but then I never do in germany unless its included as its so good and much more reasonable elsewhere. Beverages very expensive in hotel-but they always are in my experience.Lovely pool area and always a taxi outside if neededOnly negative thing and it applied to the other hotel we stayed at too on the same trip was lack of a coffee maker in the room making it annoying not to be able to have a coffee on wake up and as we went out for breakfast this was a pain. 
Fab Place Managed to bag a bargain through using Airmiles to pay for the hotel.Very impressed - contempory rooms, lovely court area to have a relaxing drink in. Very well situated - only 5 mins walk from the southern side of the Tiergarten, and from there, you're within 15mins stroll of the very heart of the city.Public transport connections OK - bus stops within 5 mins walk as well. 
Overall Good This hotel did not quite live up to the expectations we have of a good 5 star hotel when compared to other hotels in this category.The room was very pleasant - spacious and well decorated with an attractive view. The only thing that let it down was the extraordinarily low light levels in the main room area. Reading a book while lying in bed was all that could feasibly be managed.The staff were very helpful and friendly. This was particularly appreciated because my husband had an injured knee and the staff at the door were quick to notice this and help when they could.We were very disappointed in the quality of the breakfast. The range of food was more limited than that we had come to expect in this class of hotel. Of the food provided the pastries were poor quality (this is surprising in a city that has high quality pastries in most cafes) and the one time one of us had a pancake it was doughy and stodgy. Given that breakfast is the one meal that we generally rely on having at the hotel we were very disappointed.We found the quality of food in the other restaurant's to be good. 
I expected more I suppose it's just the little things that get to me, but I expected a bit more from this hotel.The price for the rooms was quite good, but it was December so I would expect that. The price for everything else in the hotel was outrageous, and the facilities in the rooms were not up to what I would expectA small beer was 鈧?, breakfast was 鈧?4 euro, small bottle of water was 鈧?. All of this I might expect in the centre of London, but this was Berlin, where I thought it would be slightly more reasonable.Add to this the fact that I had to get someone to come and fix the tv when we arrived, I had to call housekeeping twice to deliver 1 item, and that there was no tea making facilities or ironing board in the room meant that I was disappointed overall. 
Had an excellent experience We booked this hotel through a Travelzoo offer and received free upgrade, half price breakfast, free sauna and free late checkout. I e-mailed them to request the upgrade as we were in Berlin to celebrate my husbands borthday, and they obliged immediately, when we checked in they shook my husband's hand and wished him a happy birthday, they had 'happy birthday' across the bed when we arrived in our room, which was excellent. We had a lovely breakfast on both days, but took our evening meal when we were out as the food was a little expensive, but I have to say that our overall experience was very good and we would certainly recommend the hotel. Tried both the sauna and pool, and found all of the staff to be very friendly and obliging 
The English abroad !       Why are the outdoor heaters in such a funny place? 
Great hotel, except totally overpriced The hotel is beautiful. The room was big, decorated superbly, very very comfy beds - almost too comfy to get out of in fact! The staff were generally ok - however, when we put a 'do not disturb' sign on the door after a night out, instead of knocking they rang the phone repeatedly until we answered! Not exactly undisturbed.....The location of the hotel is good. It is about 5 minutes walk to the train station where you can connect to a number of different lines. The main tourist atttractions are very accessible. From Tegal airport, just jump in a taxi, it was only around 16 euros and hasslefree.The main problems with this hotel is that for a 5 star, you really expect some things to be included. Breakfast for example was not included and was 24 euros per person in the hotel! Water was 6 euros! It really was outrageously priced and for somewhere so lavish, I really expected at least the water to be free!Anyway, overall a very good hotel, worth the room rate. Let down by high prices of food and drink on arrival/in the room/room service. And some of the staff on reception could be rather rude. We asked for a late check out and you would have thought we had asked for her to kiss our feet, with the look she gave us! 
Great Hotel The hotel was great. 2 of us from the same company were in Berlin for work and we booked a suite instead of 2 separate rooms. The suite was huge, had 2 separate bedrooms and bathrooms and a large living area with 2 desks for work. The cost was just slightly higher than 2 regular rooms.The service was fantastic and overall a great stay at the hotel.I would recommend this hotel and if there are several people staying at the same hotel, check out the suites before booking separate rooms. 
Great Hotel, great beds great bathrooms Stayed here for work. Price very reasonable. Great beds and bathrooms. TVs with movies and nice fitness center. Great front desk staff. 
Ideal Berlin Hotel Just returned from 8 days at the Grand Hotel Esplanade. I booked directly through their website in early September at a great rate for this caliber of hotel, and it was even more than I expected. It's an excellent location for visiting all of Berlin, the U-station is a 10 minute walk, and there are some great bars and restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel. The hotel itself was outstanding - large rooms, deliciously comfortable beds, quiet, exceptionally clean, outstanding pool and fitness center. We had a river view room, which I recommend as it lived up to its name. We didn't opt for the pricey/touristy breakfast package and were happier without it, walking to Einstein Cafe or Impala each morning for the best coffees and hot chocolate, salmon bagels, apple strudel, museli, croissants. There's also a little coffee/sandwich shop around the corner at the back of the hotel if you need a quick latte and croissant before heading out. While the Grand Hotel is probably - as one tour book says - more of an American style deluxe hotel, for the price and location it more than met all of our needs for this trip and would gladly stay there again. 
Great Hotel - Expensive for Drinks The location of the hotel is excellent in that it is close to the lovely Tiergarten, close to transportation (the #100 bus) and within walking distance of the city centre. The hotel was beautiful, the room wonderful and the beds were as cozy as could be. The bathroom was excellent and well appointed. The concierge did give me a bum steer at one point regarding a bridge river cruise and a front desk clerk gave us some incorrect information regarding transportation to Potsdam but it was a great 4 nights stay. The hotel is just around the corner from one of the gay areas of the city with sidewalk cafes and wonderful restaurants. The drinks however are expensive! Go around the corner to Bar Lutzowufer with Berlin's longest bar and get the same, if not a better cocktail for a quarter of the price. 
Nice Stay Nice and functional hotel in between 2 of the 'centres' of Berlin. Friendly and helpful staff. Some coffee or tea making facilities (increasingly standard) would be nice in such quality hotel. The expensive breakfast has nice alternatives at just a 5 minute walk. 
Fantastic Hotel! We had to move here from the Bleibtreu (which was terrible)  we had a great time.The check in was a breeze  the staff were excellent. The room was spacious  well appointed with a great view of the canal. The beds were very comfortable  bathroom was good. The service was truly exceptional. I needed a printout of my air ticket after midnight  got it in a few minutes from the front desk. The location is pretty good with the hotel centrally located from the shopping areas  the historic areas. 
Simply Superb I stayed in this hotel in August 2008 with 3 friends and I can safely say that it is one of the absolute best hotels I have ever stayed in!Almost every single thing was perfect.The rooms were beautiful - very tastefully decorated, and the beds were unbelievably comfortable! The TV in the room is huge, and gives a good variety of channels in various languages!The window was also enormous, which allowed in a lot of natural light, which I enjoyed. The window's also appear shiny on the exterior so there is no need to worry about anybody looking in to your room from the street or an adjacent building.The staff were all also incredibly polite and helpful. Upon check-in, we did have a slight problem regarding a deposit. However, this was easily overlooked by how easily it was sorted out and the politeness of the receptionist with whom we were dealing.Within the hotel, there are 4 different restaurants/bars. Elements is the breakfast restaurant, and although we did not have breakfast in the hotel any of our 5 mornings there, we were impressed just by how beautiful and sophisticated it appeared.The Eclipse Lounge was a very relaxed section within the lobby. We ate in the hotel one night - in Eck Kneipe. This I would say was the only down side to the whole hotel. The standard of the food was just not what we expected at all and we did not finish our meal, however the staff were very friendly and polite.Harry's New York Bar is a sophisticated cocktail bar, mentioned in many of the city's tourist guides, and we understood why. The cocktails are rather expensive, but were definitely worth it!! Once again, the staff were incredibly friendly, and we ended up in Harry's at some point every night of our stay.The location of the hotel is also very good. A short walk from the Zoo, the Kaiser Wilhelm Gedaechtniskirche and the Kurfuerstendamm, and right next to the Tiergarten. Potsdamer Platz is also walking distance. However, there was always taxis outside the hotel for those in a hurry.The rest of the hotel facilities we used were also of the highest standard. The pool area was lovely and the gym facilities were state of the art! We also availed of room service one evening, the the food was simply delicious!!I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anybody!! It was excellent! 
Fantastic Hotel This is a fantastic hotel, well worth its 5 star rating. Staff are helpful and the room is fantastic with comfy beds, great pillows and an amazing shower! Location is ok, not in the city centre, but there is plenty around...ask the hotel staff, they are more than happy to tell you what is close by! Hire a bike from the hotel for 鈧?5 and the location of the hotel is not an issue at all! 
Fantastic hotel, fascinating city. Absolutely loved the hotel, it was clean and modern. The beds and rooms were gorgeous. The beds were so full of cushions and pillows we could hardly get in!We had a very nice power shower in the bathroom which made you not want to get out! we got a great price for this hotel, however they add extras for everything. The sauna cost, as does car parking about 20 euros a day and drinks are very expensive 4 beers and an orange were 拢37!But their are places around so its not an issue really. The hotel has a good location and extremely spacious and comfortable. 
Sweat over small stuff The room was superb and the service is good as you would expect from a 5 star hotel.Only 2 things I wasnt quite happy about: - no complimentary water. They left 1 bottle of water but it is chargable at 鈧? - for toilettries, only provide 'hair and body shampoo' and 'body lotion'They are small issues but with the 5 star price I pay, I cant believe that they are so stingy on these small supplies!I wont stay there anymore. 
A first class hotel I stayed at the Esplanade Grand for my first visit to Berlin. I was initially worried that I was too far from the centre, but on arrival, I found this was not the case.The hotel is a first class five star hotel opposite the Bauhaus Archiv. The special deal I had booked was an upgraded river view room for 89 euros per night - a bargain. My room on the sixth floor faced the Bauhaus, and I could see the top of the Victory Column in the distance. Clearly the rooms have been recently renovated, as the fittings were spotless and clean. Staff at Reception were very helpful.I didn't eat at the hotel, but it looked very good. Instead I had dinner at Cafe Einstein around the corner which is highly recommended.As for the distance to the centre, Nollendorfplatz U-Bahn station is about a 5 or 6 minute walk, bus 100 goes from the hotel every few minutes through the Tiergarten to the Reichstag and on to Alexanderplatz, and bus M29 goes from the hotel to the Kulturforum and Checkpoint Charlie and runs close to Potsdamer Platz.I would definitely stay there again. 
Great Hotel Excellent hotel, well worth its 5-star rating with pool and fitness centre. I stayed there on a summer special offer - approx 拢70 per night. Room was very luxurious, and sparkling clean. Staff were extremely polite and helpful. I would definitely recommend it. 
Absolutely fantastic, recommended Fantastic hotel with swift, elegant and friendly service. Not in the middle of the city but in a nice area and close to the Tiergarten which is a lovely garden to walk around in. Only aber was the breakfast which was good but more four-star than five. Go instead to the Einstein caf茅 which is just around the corner for fresh baked bread and pastries in a lovely setting. 
Ideal hotel for first-class visit to Berlin Grand Hotel Esplanade is a high class, clean, and well-located hotel to see the sights of Berlin. Rooms are large with excellent facilities. Staff is friendly and very helpful. Guests are a mixture of business travelers and tourists. Highly recommended 
Spelendid and clean facility It was an excellent experience and great value.We paid a low rate and got a service of a real 5 star hotel.Hotel is clean, staff is very polite and helpful, location is great.Very very recommended . 
Fair hotel It's a well situated hotel with very nice staff in reception. The double room we had was placed away from the street which gave a quiet room, but the neighbourgs in the building next to the hotel have free view to the rooms up to about 3. floor where we stayed. The room needed to be renovated to meet modern standards. Bathroom was definately not designed for use for more than one person at the time. Some electrical switches and outlets were loose or malfunctioning. Confronted with this, the hotel fixed the problems within the next day. Bed was very comfortable. Breakfast was the best hotel breakfast so far in Germany. Hotel bar and restaurant was at an average level.Might go there again if they had a hot deal. 
Fantastically swanky! We booked this hotel through lastminute.com and was amazed at the cheap deal that we got - we paid about 拢160 for 2 nights. The hotel is 5* and is completely luxurious - very modern and swanky.It seems to cater mainly for the business end of the market and we felt like a couple of scruff bags trotting in with our rucksack, whilst everyone else was making full use of the very smartly dressed porters with their enormous cases. However the staff were very welcoming and were always on hand to offer whatever service you required. Our room was enormous - however we did have a city view which was slightly misleading as it actually looked straight across the road to another hotel or office block - you can pay a little more for a river view which is probably worth it.The hotel has several bars and restaurants - there were all really nice, although quite expensive - the hotel is also home to Harry's Bar - one of Berlin's top bars which is in lots of the guide books (as is the hotel under the luxury section). It also has a really nice pool and gym.The location of the hotel is pretty good - not far from Berlin's Tiergarten and only a five minute walk from the nearest underground station. It is surrounded by embassy buildings and is close to several bars and restaurants.We had a fantastic stay at the Grand Hotel Esplanade and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone. 
Disappointing If you like bland, you are on business and expenses this is probably for you. Otherwise we found it disappointing.First the good bit:the waiting staff and food are excellent and reasonably priced for a 5*.We stay in Berlin 4/5 times a year. Last we had a quite exceptional fixed price lunch at the Esplanade (Euros70). ..though we only discovered they did it by accident. Not advertised .We liked the foyer design and the waiting staff were friendly so we decided to try a room. They no longer do that lunch deal and have closed the Michelin starred restaurant (Vivos) .We booked online through the hotel site. A junior suite on a package that included b'fast and use of sauna. When we arrived there was a problem with the booking...others here have also had problems we see. Initially the receptionists seemed to sort it but then said the rate would be higher...by this time they had my CC...when I asked how much they said they didn't know. After some discussion they got their boss who was very helpful. Mysteriously he came up with a totally different rate....though not a package one. If we had used the sauna as intended we would have paid overall a little more. The difference was Euros20ish so I said that was fine, checked it again and wrote it down on the room card.The Junior suites are on the top ..7th floor. Superficially the are very attractive ...good colour palette, lots of space and individual terraces. However the views don't include any of Berlin's sights as they are the back of the hotel...why they arn't at the front overlooking the canal and on to Potsdamer Platz is a complete mystery.The suites quickly become annoying. There is no hanging space in the entrance lobby so you have to take (wet) coats right to the wardrobes past a narrow choke point with the bed/desk. The bathroom is poorly laid out...double basins but no worksurface space. The loo is situated so you can be seen from the bed if you leave the door ajar. However designed them should return their fee.It is impossible to pass a member of staff at our normal hotels in Berlin without being pleasantly greeted......here we found some of the domestic staff surly. Evening room service was far too early. It's the only time I have not left a room tip in many years.The sauna is very clean as is the pool but totally impersonal....there is no bar and is just not a place to relax. You actually enter through an unmarked door in the basement which sets the tone.The lounge area is wonderfully designed...but the open fire and heating are insufficient to allow one to dwell on a cold night over a nightcap. The B'fast restaurant is impersonal and not designed for a lingering b'fast...it's aimed at the business traveller. However again the waiting/chef staff couldn't be faulted.However I could have forgiven all this if it had not been for checkout. I checked my bill on screen before my final b'fast and found that I had not been charged the agreed rate, not even the higher rate but the higher rate plus the extra none package charges. At reception was the original check -in receptionist...she claimed she didn't remember the problem when we booked in. To be fair when we got the duty manager it was sorted amicably and easily....the change was on the system as a note but the girl done what was necessary to change the accounting system.Even at this stage I might have just put it all down to things going wrong and bad luck. But we paid and were asked if we ,wanted to pay in UK pounds'. This is the sort of exchange rate' scam' you expect in a cheap Bangkok restaurant not a 5* Berlin hotel. I felt is summed up the hotel...impersonal and margin driven. 
Good option       Telecom Tower, Berlin 
A good deal A good deal overall. The hotel is centrally located, in a quiet neighbourhood along the canal, about a 15-minute walk from Potzdamer Platz and 20 minutes from the Brandenburg Gate. Rooms are spacious, very clean and modern. Only complaint is the staff were a bit cold -- the service was not up to par for a hotel of this class. Recommended for the value. 
脺ber-Wellness During Easter 2008, my wife and I spent a week in Berlin at the Esplanade. It was an excellent experience. In particular, the wellness department was perfect. A nice pool and three different saunas. Adding a fitness room and the possibility to have different massage treatments (extra charge) gives you the basis for a very relaxing experience. We visited the saunas at least once a day.In addition, the restaurants are quite good and the room was very, very nice. Overall, the hotel is rather stylish kept in simple and elegant lines and colours.Taking the room rates into account, the stay was an excellent deal and experience. 
5 Star Quality at 4 star prices       The Gate 
First class This is a modern hotel in a good location.My double room was huge and furnished to a very high standard. The only thing missing was a kettle but they brought one when requested.Polite and helpful staffFood good for a hotel, especially breakfast, and service excellent.Would definitely stay again. 
The charm of a car park This is a good quality business hotel with all the amenities you would expect for a hotel of its class. Unfortunately it has all the charm of a car park. 
Excellent value I stayed in the hotel from 23-24 December. An excellent stay, nice spa, good food, very friendly staff and quite affordable. Check all the websites for offers, the prices I found varied 40 EUR per night. The hotel is in a quiet zone in the centre of Berlin, 15 min. walk to Potsdammer Platz with e.g. the Neue Nationalgalerie and a 15 min. walk to the Ged盲chtniskirche. 
Great Hotel I spent 5 nights at this hotel after getting great rates on alpharooms well below the hotels advertised price. The hotel was excellent and the staff spoke excellent English. The staff (and Germans in general) were very helpful in pointing out Christmas markets and attractions for us to go to.We enjoyed the breakfast which was of a very high quality. Included a selection of made to order eggs (including omelettes and scrambled) and also pancakes together with Bacon, sausages cold cuts, pastries cereal, fruit, Yogurt and a wide selection of juice, tea and coffee. Very tasty a good hearty breakfast saw us through to the early evening everyday. So that we could enjoy some Mulled wine and sausages from the markets.The rooms were large and comfortable and the bed was divine and fantastic to sleep in. We had a big screen TV, but there was a very limited selection of English speaking channels.Only downsides from our perspective were:- Lack of Smoke free areas (Hotel and Berlin in General)- Lack of tea and coffee facilities (who am I kidding this is only an issue for poor people such as myself living it up in 5 stars)- Lack of English speaking TV (this was only an issue of a night time and early morning as very little time is spent watching TV)The pool and Sauna were very nice, although we only ever went and looked we never actually used them.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a well positioned hotel which is kept to a very high standard.Overall great hotel and a great holiday Berlin is a great place to visit 
Great hotel pity about the smoke This hotel is 5 stars in every way. The location was perfect, just over quarter of an hours walking to get to the many great sights. The breakfasts in the hotel are described as American but they have limited hot food. The pool was closed for a day and had the water replaced and it took two days to heat up, so three out of our four day trip we could not use it. The rooms are great, large and cosy. All the hotel areas were very clean. The big problem for us was the smoking it goes on everywhere, the reception area was the worst followed by the resturants and bar. They did not cater for non smokers in any of the public areas. 
Amazing value This hotel, which looks relatively new, exudes space, quality and architectural style and is sited next to a narrow river. We picked it as we wanted to be close to the shopping near Ka De We but also within walking dist of the Brandenburg. It is both, assuming you are reasonably fit. It is located in a peaceful neigbourhood and we had no problems even late in the evening. Taxi to Libeskinds Jewish museum was under 10 euros. The breakfast is excellent and could keep you going until early evening if you had a coffee snack during the day. All rooms appear to be larger than average and very well furnished. Staff were all friendly, especially if you tried to speak a bit of German. Reception staff could all speak good English. Only negatives were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Also our son wanted to use MSN to keep in touch with his mates back home but the hotel wanted to charge for use of internet, unlike at our previous hotels in New York, Copenhagen, Turkey, etc. But overall a great hotel where we would stay again. 
Perfect Experience Hotel Esplanade, in our view, was located ideally central to all typical visitor attractions and within a short walking distance to the Zoo and the famous polar bear, Knut! After a full day of sightseeing, the hotel was a quiet respite by the river. Our room was bright and clean, the beds so comfy. My request for an additional night was accomodated via prompt emails and the front desk was always cheerful and helpful. Since this was our first visit to Berlin, our experience in this impressive city was enhanced by our stay at the Esplanade. Thanks to TripAdvisor's reviews! 
Great Hotel - Great Value For Money We stayed in this hotel for four nights in March of 2007 and booked direct with the hotel on their website for a very reasonable rate. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the rooms were large and well appointed. Although the location of the hotel is not as close to the action as some hotels, it's only a short walk to the Sony Centre, and is situated on the river. Harry's Bar in the lobby area of the hotel is fantastic, we had a couple of great nights in there and the cocktails are to die for. Next time we go to Berlin we will definately stay in this hotel again. 
Highly Recommended My wife and I have just returned from spending 3 nights at the Grand Esplanade Berlin to celebrate our wedding anniversary and would highly recommend this hotel to everybody. Customer service at reception, at the bars and the restaurant is first class, and the contemporary ambience makes for a luxurious stay. The hotel was so nice we ordered room service one evening at about 2200hrs and within 10 mins we were servced with exquisite food which I would have been pleased to have been served in the restauarnt itself!!The concierge service is excellent - The hotel were more than happy to recommend restaurants and organise a chauffeur to and from the restauarnt itself(IL Punto Ristorante at the Brandenburg Gate is also highly recommended!!).If you like luxury we can recommend the Grand Esplanande for guaranteed enjoyment - We will definately return!Enjoy! 
Great place to stay We stayed there for a long week-end in Berlin, as I took part in the inline marathon. The hotel isn't best located, slightly off centre but the area is very quiet. The nearest metro station is only a short walk away. And there is so much to see in Berlin.The style of the hotel is unique and very modern and feels very luxurious. Our double room came with twins unfortunately, but this seems to come as standard in german hotels. The room was of a very decent size, as was the bathroom.We used and absolutely loved the swimming pool in the basement. Very tranquil.The breakfast buffet is the probably the best I have experienced: loads of different types of bread and cheese, fresh juice, fresh fruits, loads of sorts of cereals to choose from, etc. The only gripe we had was that, back then (2004) there weren't any proper separation between smoking and non-smoking areas, and we hate having to go through our meals with smoking table neighbours.The hotel also has a very good restaurant serving real german cuisine, very hearty. We had diner there which we absolutely loved. Only problem seemed to be the staff on duty on the Sunday night were a bit overworked and it took our bill over an hour to arrive. But never mind.Overall, a superb place to stay if you can afford it. Look out for special rates on the internet! 
Fabulous hotel, great location, will be back We have just returned from a stay in Berlin and stayed three nights in this hotel. It is wonderful and the first impressions are not misleading. The staff could not be more helpful, the rooms were wonderfully spacious with lovely spa facilities. We went with our son aged nine and he was made to feel as much a guest as we were. Harrys bar at night was fabulous with a great atmosphere. The hotel location meant that attractions like the aquarium and zoo were within walking distance and taxis to the Kurfurstendamme area or Savigny Platz for shopping or eatingout were less than ten euros. We would heartily recommend staying here if in Berlin 
Good Hotel We stayer here from 24th to 29th May 2007. The hotel is very clean and the staff very professional, the rooms are a good size as are the bathrooms. The location is not very good, but public transport is excellent (once you have worked out the S/U Bahn system and the bus time-tables), it is a bit of a walk, around 10 minutes, to the U Bahn, but only 3 minutes to the bus stop, there are plenty of taxies around the hotel. The only disappointment was the restaurant, the breakfast was excellent, but the evening meal menu a let down. 
Lovely hotel with fantastic staff and atmosphere This hotel was great. We went in Feb 2007 so it was pretty grey and miserbale outside but the hotel made our stay really fantastic.We arrived before 11am following a very early flight and were able to check in straight away, which was perfect. The room was lovely - modern, comfortable, spotlessly clean and with luxurious furnishings.The pool was closed for refurbishment when we stayed, which we were quite disappointed about, but Harry's Bar was most definitely open and the excellent barmen whipped a host of fantastic cocktails to help ease our woes.We didn't have breakfast but had meals in the Ecke bar and Harry's bar which were both very good quality and served by attentive and friendly staff.The only thing that wasn't perfect for us was the location but it's certainly not out of the way. It's walking distnace to the Sony Centre and close to an U-bahn station. It was a bit more difficult to get to the east of the city for nights out but the hotel staff seem to be able to conjur up a cab in seconds (which are very inexpensive in Berlin).Overall this is a beautiful and luxurious hotel but it is made into a really great place to spend a few days by the extremely good staff. They manage to be professional, courtious and helpful whilst also being extremely friendly and welcoming.We'd definitely stay here again. 
Excellent value in excellent location We arrived at the Grand Hotel Esplanade at 10:30, following an early flight from Luton. We were very pleased to be told that we could check in and that our room was ready! We were able to grab a quick shower and freshen up before going out to explore the city. The hotel lobby was very impressive and very big. The room was a bit of a contrast in d茅cor. It was very 70s in design, but everything was relatively new. The bedroom was comfortable, with thick curtains and a comfortable bed. The bathroom was adequate, no special touches, but perfectly adequate. The room was very clean and spacious.We ate in the traditional German pub attached to the hotel 鈥?Eck Kniepe 鈥?on both evenings. This bar was popular with residents and locals and we found the food to be delicious and the service excellent.We had a drink in Harry鈥檚 Cocktail bar on the one night. It is not huge and got crowded very quickly. It is very popular with people from outside the hotel and there were some very well-dressed people in there. You can also get food and drinks in the hotel lobby, but we did not try the food in this area so I do not know what the menu was like.Breakfast, served in yet another area, was excellent. It is all self service but the choice is excellent, from fresh fruit, cold meats, cheese, cereals, breads and pastries, pickled herrings. Plus a hot buffet section with scrambled eggs, mushrooms, bacon, sausages and fried potatoes. It looked like you could ask for eggs to be freshly cooked too, but there was no one on the counter to ask!We found the hotel to be in a very good location since it is almost right in between the traditional East and the more modern West of the city. We easily walked to Kurfurstendamm (15 minutes) and Potsdamer Platz (20 minutes).Overall, we found the Grand Hotel Esplanade to be in a great location, excellent value and excellent facilities, eating and drinking opportunities. We would definitely recommend the hotel and go back there if we ever found ourselves in Berlin again. 
Wonderful, family-friendly, value-for-money, almost-central hotel Husband and I plus three-year-old daughter spent 6 days here in August 2006. This is low season in Germany as many Germans are on their own holidays, so we got an excellent rate (they call it their Sommer-Special) which besides the room included free cocktails in the hotel's Harry's Bar, a river cruise, and discounts on various Berlin attractions including the famous Zoo. On arrival we were very impressed with the stylish exterior and entrance. We were even more impressed with the room - a spacious corner room with ample room for extra bed and running-around for daughter! However I'm sure we only got this because of low season, from the floor plan we could see that other rooms are smaller. Breakfast in the Orangerie was always lovely, an extensive buffet, coffee served to table, hot chocolate for daughter. Viva restaurant was closed while we were there due to low season so can't comment on that. Their Eck-Kneipe is fantastic - delicious, authentic Berlin food, reasonable prices, really gem眉tlich atmosphere. We are there on our first and last nights. Enormous portions, even for children. If you're not a walker, location might not be ideal - it's a 20-minute walk from the Brandenburg Gate. But this is a lovely walk through the Tiergarten patk and diplomatic district. If you want to explore the former East side, this is an even longer walk. The nearest U-Bahn (underground) station is Nollendorfplatz, about 5 mins' walk away and the network is excellent, though from this location you'll almost always have to change trains at least once.The service in the hotel was always excellent. We requested a screen be put up between our bed and daughter's to help her sleep, and this was done quickly. Hotel has a pool, jacuzzi, sauna, and spa. The pool is very small, but was fine for us and daughter loved it.Another plus is that the hotel is just around the corner from Cafe EInstein, a lovely Viennese-style coffee house/restaurant that is recommended in most guide-books. The reception staff were happy to make a restaurant reservation for us and suggest routes for trips we made. There's also an excellent babysitting service (through an agency) which we availed of once, we couldn't have been happier with the lady who came. It's expensive at EUR 11.00/hour but worth it!Berlin itself is great and we found plenty to do for the little one. I'm not sure how ideal this hotel would be for larger families, so that might be one point to watch. Overall I would say, especially if you can get the summer special, this hotel is a definite winner. 
Very impressed I am surprised at some of the negative comments about this hotel. For the price, it is the best hotel I have stayed in. The rooms are spacious and modern and the whole hotel feels bright and clean. Leisure facilities are good (even if the pool is a little small). Breakfast is excellent. Only a few minutes walk from the nearest U-bahn. I really don't think you'll beat this hotel in Berlin at this price. 
Average This hotel is straight out of the 80's... lots of white leather and neon lights, it's like a mix between 80's wall street and Miami Vice. I think they're going for a retro look though, it doesn't look like it's been decorated this way *since* the 80's. Everything is pretty average. The location is average, the staff are average, the rooms are average. I was a bit disappointed that the double bed in this five star hotel was actually two singles pushed together.... There are some great cocktails in the lounge, but quite pricey. Overall it was okay, but I probably wouldn't return. (Probably wouldn't bother returning to Berlin anyway, but that's another story). 
stay away, dont waste your money! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Esplanade for a long weekend and were throroughly disappointed with the hotel as a modern concept. The rooms are very modern but that is where it ends. Staff have no idea of the meaning of customer service and often stare at you wondering why you are distracting them from their real job. Breakfast is served in the orangery which is a room decorated with tens of orange plastic trees which belong in a cheap french cafe rather than in an avant garde German hotel. The hotel courtyard seems to have grown to become the place to be seen (mostly by non guests with aspirations) and therefore, a walk to your taxi is more like a catwalk stroll amongst the middle aged german crowd seeking style. The leisure facilities are ridiculously small and not very inspiring. What's the best thing about this hotel?: Checking out. Hopefully, due to their inefficiency you should be able to get away without having been charged for something or another. 
great hotel The hotel is nice, the location appears out of the way but is within walking or bus service. The hotel has gtreat acces to the 24 hour bus service and the touris areas are not far.The hotel is nice but can be exspensive for things like cup of tea how ever come out of the hotel and there is another hotel with a sports bar which is good in terms of food and drink. Around the corner from the hotel is a corner shop so don't use the mini bar. For a five star hotle it does not have tea making facilities or ironing facilities.Breakfast is great, the hotel is cleaning just like Berlin; don't forget your bathing suit as there is a swimming pool and sauna. 
Excellent Hotel  No complaints at all, nice and clean room, professional service both at the reception, concierge and breakfast. Would stay here again. 5 min walk to the nearest subway (Nollendorfplatz) but only 2 min walk to bus 100 which brings you almost everywhere. 
Fantastic hotel I found this hotel to be excellent. Modern, clean with excellent fitness and pool facilities. The staff were great and I am surprised by some of the other reviews. Breakfast was superb. The only negative might be the location, but once you learn to use to 200 bus, all problems are solved. In fact, if you want to job through the Tiergarden, this location couldn't be better. I absolutely loved this hotel. 
ok for the money I stayed at the Esplanade during a business trip to Berlin for 1 night in May because my regular Berlin Hotel had a meeting and prices went up 200%.The location is not too good, if you have to do business in Mitte. It is probably a 15min taxi ride from Brandenburger Tor. The lobby looks like 1990s, a bit outdated but still ok.The front desk personell was absolutely professional, nothing to complain about. The room was located on the 5th floor, a regular room with an enormous window, 2 separate small beds, a desk and a small bathroom. No extra shower, which is a minus in my eyes. The furniture was alright, pretty bright colors, all in ggod conditions. The wellness area looks a bit like a 1980s YMCA, but it has all the spa amenities you need for a relaxing hour after work.The bed waas too soft for my taste.The breakfast was not too good for a 5star hotel, the buffet was small and the choice of food limited. Overall, I probably would not stay there again, but it is clean, comfortable and for the rate I got still a bargain. 
Absolutely fantastic What an amazing hotel, not to be missed!! i got a bargin price as well, service was fantastic, friendly and polite, the drinks may be expensive but you just have to try one of the cocktails, worth every penny! 
Good for the Money I stayed in the Marriott Berlin before i moved to the Grand Hotel Esplanade for my last night so in comparison to that this hotel didn't fare well. The location was very quiet and seemed much more isolated compared to Potsdamer Platz. It isn't very far away from other locations by taxi though (taxis are quite reasonable). There was a big difference between the two hotels which were both supposed to be five star, but judged on it's own merits, the price is much cheaper than other five star hotels and the rooms are spacious and clean. The double beds, which I had read about in another review before i stayed here, are a bit dissapointing in that it is not only two single beds pushed together, but two single duvets too! The bar also seemed quite lively and popular with the guests. All in all, it's a good bargain if you are with other people and are going out and about. If you are only there for a night or two, somewhere with a bit more atmosphere like Potsdamer Platz or Hackescher Markt would be more fun. 
comfortable stay Stay in this five-star hotel in April 2006. It is spacious and comfortable. It is located in the affluent centre of modern Berlin, within walking distance to both East (45min) and West Berlin (30min). But some distance to the Mitte where the historical centre is. There is no S- or U-Bahn close by. Taxis are always available. Service within the hotel is excellent but the decoration is somewhat dated. There is no coffee making facility or safe in the room. Two internet connection points available. Breakfast is standard with the same menus everyday. All in all, the stay is comfortable but not luxurious. 
Nice hotel, terrrible stay... I'm usually very positive while on holiday, but this hotel let me down. The rooms were great and it all started out fine (except a bit dissapointing location...).The problems started on the second day when we were accused of breaking the bathroom-door. This made the rest of our trip unpleasant as some of the staff were very rude and kept coming to the room asking questions in a very accusatory tone. It made me feel very uneasy.The day of departure, we were refused to leave unless we left our home address and credit card number.We have since received a letter of apology, as their further investigations revealed that we had nothing to do with the damaged door, but our stay in Berlin was ruined. I only remember how unwelcome this all made me feel and how I could'nt enjoy myself because og the staff's behaviour. 
Hotel with the best cocktail bar in the world! We were a couple staying here for 3 nights in a standard room. We checked in early and were shown to a very clean, ultra modern and comfortable room. We took a mid afternoon snack at Harry's cocktail bar (not cheap)but a very large and well presented club sandwich by a cheery waiter. We were very impressed with the spa and used the facility every night, to ease the aching limbs! Be prepared to go naked in the sauna though ; 0 )Harry's cocktail bar on Friday and Saturday nights is an unforgettable experience! Get there early to reserve a prime seat (be prepared to spend a little cash though!). The cocktail staff are all fantastic! They have a singer from Nottingham and he loves requests and sings a mean 鈥榊our Song鈥?by Elton John, so when your there make sure your request it and say 鈥楬i鈥?from Rob and Ruth!The concierge is worth consulting before a night out, but you have to press him to get you on VIP listings for clubs, the best bet is to consult him in the afternoon, whilst he still has time to make a few calls.We requested a late check out on the Monday and the hotel allowed us to stay FOC till 3PM, which rounded off our holiday perfectly.Enjoy Berlin it鈥檚 a wonderful city! 
Excellent Location A large, trendy and comfortable hotel in a great location. We enjoyed our three night stay in the Esplanade, Harry's cocktail bar not to be missed. Only draw back was air conditioning in rooms meant hot, stuffy environment to sleep in. Staff are not friendly but efficient and helpful in an impersonal manner. Good price. 
Average Stayed here in august for 5 nights, check inn staff were friendly, the man serving the 鈥渋nformation鈥?counter seemed fed up with I guess the usual questions of where to find places. had a standard comfort zimmer, decent size, bed was disappointing. don't know if this is custom in germany, we booked a double bed, turned out to be two regular single beds placed together, with two SINGLE duvets. Reception informed me all double rooms are like this and they do not have any double-bed duvets. Unbelievable for a so called 5 star hotel.Rooms have no in room safe, which I find useful. the bathroom looked cheap, the toiletries provided was disappointing. Breakfast was OK nothing special, and incredibly oily. pool facilities are ok, there is only one whirlpool for the whole hotel. Location is OK, It鈥檚 beside a river, but you can't see it due to the trees, you can only see the construction site across the river. at least 20 minutes walk to anywhere, would have been nice to be close to some shops. Various buses stop near the hotel but the 100 bus is nearly always full at this stop and the U-bahn is a bit of a walk. Overall despite what I have written I think this hotel was good value for us at 63 pounds inc breakfast from lastminute. But I wouldn't be willing to pay much more. 
An excellent all round experience   showReview(3759755, 'full');  
Good and convenient hotel   showReview(3312758, 'full');  
Very good but not amazing   showReview(3233362, 'full');  
There,s better.. but its good   showReview(2595829, 'full');  
Nice Hotel   showReview(2499628, 'full');  
A breath of fresh air!   showReview(2440269, 'full');  
Great hote, great location   showReview(2216963, 'full');  
Fantastic German hotel   showReview(1925267, 'full');  
Great Hotel   showReview(1770059, 'full');  
Design, luxury and atmosphere   showReview(931244, 'full');  
Esplanade im neuen Gewand   showReview(23368042, 'full');  
Esplanade - einfach nur empfehlenswert!   showReview(23338026, 'full');  
Vorteil: Zentrale Lage   showReview(23243657, 'full');  
Das Esplande ist gro脽artig   showReview(23208082, 'full');  
Esplanade einfach super sch枚n!   showReview(23166191, 'full');  
sehr beeindr眉ckend   showReview(23130641, 'full');  
Sehr angehmes modernes Hotel, der Kategorie entsprechend   showReview(23000311, 'full');  
Jederzeit wieder!   showReview(22738655, 'full');  
Wie stets in diesem Hotel eine angenehme Zeit   showReview(22726125, 'full');  
Tolles Hotel, sch枚ne Zimmer, gerne wieder...   showReview(22647490, 'full');  
Ben posizionato, ma qualche intoppo alla reception   showReview(22128266, 'full');  
Das Esplanade wurde seinem sehr guten Ruf gerecht!   showReview(22021693, 'full');  
Sch枚n und erholsam   showReview(21870170, 'full');  
Sehr zufrieden mit dem renovierten Esplande in Berlin   showReview(21710088, 'full');  
Super Hotel, super Service   showReview(21365229, 'full');  
Splendido posto per girare Berlino.   showReview(20229420, 'full');  
Zur Spitze fehlt nur ein Katzensprung   showReview(20174057, 'full');  
Gand Hotel Esplanade - gerne wieder top!   showReview(20084797, 'full');  
Service d茅sastreux !   showReview(19870029, 'full');  
Beste 5-Sterne-Hotel in Berlin!   showReview(19629371, 'full');  
il migliore hotel dove abbia soggiornato   showReview(20552810, 'full');  
Das Grand Hotel Esplanade war genial!   showReview(19537824, 'full');  
Gute Idee von Hotel um eine gute Erinnerung von Berlin zu bewahren!   showReview(19459023, 'full');  
Sehr geschmackvoll ...   showReview(19413001, 'full');  
Sehr sch枚nes Haus - nur kleine Kritikpunkte   showReview(19416412, 'full');  
super Hotel f眉r sch枚ne Tage in Berlin   showReview(19327707, 'full');  
gutes preis-leistungs-verh盲ltnis f眉r 5 sterne   showReview(19273480, 'full');  
Das Grand Hotel Esplanade war gut   showReview(19194891, 'full');  
ottimo Hotel in zona centrale   showReview(19638511, 'full');  
Einfach sehr gut   showReview(19138577, 'full');  
Sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(19638512, 'full');  
Immer wieder   showReview(19036427, 'full');  
Esplanade tut als w盲ren sie das Ritz, aber geben ein Service wie ein Motel 6 !!       Heizl眉fter 
Ein ruhiges Grand Hotel Esplanade   showReview(18909108, 'full');  
Tolles Hotel, leider kein perfekter Service   showReview(18906985, 'full');  
W眉rde wieder hingehen   showReview(19638507, 'full');  
Bestens!   showReview(18833181, 'full');  
gut   showReview(19638509, 'full');  
Sehr gutes Preisleistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(19638508, 'full');  
Absolut Top   showReview(18527269, 'full');  
眉berw盲ltigend       Empfangshalle 
Auch nur f眉r eine Nacht super   showReview(18366437, 'full');  
Das Esplanade verl盲sslich seht gut   showReview(18342983, 'full');  
Sch枚nes Hotel, gute Lage   showReview(18527268, 'full');  
immer wieder gerne!   showReview(18527267, 'full');  
Sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt.   showReview(18527266, 'full');  
Ein Haus der absoluten Spitzenklasse   showReview(17999794, 'full');  
Ein sehr sch枚nes und modernes Hotel   showReview(16458803, 'full');  
Sch枚nes Hotel in ruhiger, zentraler Lage - Gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis!!!   showReview(16427871, 'full');  
Grosse Entt盲uschung   showReview(16309812, 'full');  
Gute Lage, sehr sch枚ne Zimmer, unterdurchschnittliches Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(16184864, 'full');  
Gutes Hotel mit kleinen Schw盲chen   showReview(16003239, 'full');  
Erwartungswert f眉r 5 Sterne aber nicht aussergew枚hnlich   showReview(16603388, 'full');  
hotel confortevole   showReview(15567624, 'full');  
Davvero una buona scelta di soggiorno   showReview(15567625, 'full');  
St枚rende Aufzugger盲usche   showReview(15567623, 'full');  
Tolles Hotel   showReview(15567622, 'full');  
Gerne wieder,gute Lage,nettes Personal   showReview(15567621, 'full');  
Sehr sch枚n!   showReview(15567619, 'full');  
銇嶃倢銇勩仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169947, 'full');  
Abendessen   showReview(14726858, 'full');  
klasse Hotel!!   showReview(14726859, 'full');  
Auch mit Kindern ideal   showReview(14726857, 'full');  
Jederzeit wieder ins Esplanade   showReview(14416292, 'full');  
Un des meilleurs hotels de Berlin sans aucun doute   showReview(14726855, 'full');  
TOP-Hotel mit einer Schwachstelle   showReview(14210682, 'full');  
Esplanade Berlin verdient maximal 4 Sterne       Die 
Das Esplanade war schon richtig gut!       Beste Aussichten f眉r Vierbeiner im Esplanade! 
Hotel Top Service Flop   showReview(13919126, 'full');  
Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(13983051, 'full');  
schickes hotel   showReview(13421991, 'full');  
Schlimmer geht es kaum   showReview(13247091, 'full');  
Sehr angenehm, aber etwas steif   showReview(13245413, 'full');  
Tolles Hotel-leider mit ZUSATZKOSTEN   showReview(13089971, 'full');  
Tolle Zimmer!   showReview(13017639, 'full');  
Grand Espanade Berlino: consigliatissimo!!!   showReview(12975068, 'full');  
Sehr sch枚n!   showReview(12874694, 'full');  
Super Service, super Zimmer, super Hotel!   showReview(12459844, 'full');  
sehr fein, leider mit Zusatzkosten   showReview(12411467, 'full');  
Sehr zufrieden   showReview(13193044, 'full');  
Relaxter Chic   showReview(12314351, 'full');  
Das Esplanade h盲lt was es verspricht   showReview(12283162, 'full');  
absolut top, nur champagner fehltezum fr眉hst眉ck + nichtraucherzonen in der lobby   showReview(12256559, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(13193043, 'full');  
Das Hotel Esplanade hat und sehr gut gefallen   showReview(10707059, 'full');  
sehr sch枚n   showReview(11313983, 'full');  
einfach zum Wohlf眉hlen   showReview(10560936, 'full');  
Absolut zu empfehlen!   showReview(10526650, 'full');  
Nicht nur wegen der Bar empfehlenswert!   showReview(10498272, 'full');  
Wie immer hervorragend   showReview(10426616, 'full');  
Uneingeschr盲nkt empfehlenswertes Hotel   showReview(10286592, 'full');  
Zuvorkommendes Service, Herrliche Betten   showReview(10286216, 'full');  
Luxus Hotel zu g眉nstigem Preis   showReview(11666841, 'full');  
Das Esplanade war perfekt   showReview(10062136, 'full');  
Top Hotel   showReview(10062033, 'full');  
Einfach Klasse !   showReview(8749482, 'full');  
SUPER!!!   showReview(8659508, 'full');  
銈般儵銉炽儔銉汇偍銈广儣銉┿儕銉笺儑銉汇儥銉儶銉?#x201d;   showReview(19163469, 'full');  
