Fantastic Hotel! Just back from a long weekend in Barcleona and we stayed in the Mitre Hotel. It was a great location - only 5 metro stops from Catalunya (city centre) and the hotel was only two mins from the metro station. To find the hotel from the metro station take the balmes exit and then take the first left, the first right and the hotel will be on your right. Our room was quite basic but was clean and was plenty roomy for the two of us. The double bed was a proper double bed and not two beds pushed together. I had chanced my arm and requested a balcony and to my surprise they were wiling to give us a double room with a balcony but it would have taken an hour for the people in the room to check out and we were wrecked so we took a double room with no balcony. The man on reception, Ricardo, was very helpful and patient and helped us organise our sightseeing. There was another guy there on our last night though who was a bit standoffish and not very helpful at all-didnt catch his name. We went on the bus turistic and I'd really recommend it as a great way of seeing Barcelona in a day or two! The red stop is around 10-15 min walk from the hotel up at the top of the hill by the roundabout. A day pass was E20 and a 2 day pass was E26.Had breakfast there one morning - E10 each and it was OK. Filled the gap! We had a safe in our room which we put a E20 deposit down on and got it back when we checked out. Our room was cleaned everyday. There was no noise from the surrounding area at night as its a quiet area. Walls were perhaps a bit thin between the rooms and the corridor but not excessively so. Bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was lovely. The room also came with air conditioning at no extra cost.To get home after a night out we took taxis and they cost between 12 and 14 euros which is great!We generally ate in the city centre as we didnt find many places to eat in the area but since it was so close that didnt matter! Plus we found there was more of an atmosphere in the city.A few must sees in Barcelona in general: Sagrada Familia (even though we didnt bother going into it), La Ramblas, the cable car to Barceloneta Beach, Portaventura (not technically in Barcelona but only an hours train journey away-make sure you get the priority passes when going in!!trust me-they're worth it!!), The Hard Rock Cafe, The Sunset Dance Club, Nou Camp, Park Guell, The Magic Fountain, Park de la Ciutadella.Overall I would definitly recommend the mitre hotel to anyone! 
Basic quite hotel Didn't book this hotel. Was sent to Eurostars Mitre from another hotel (Gran Ducat) that overbooked and made a deal to send us here instead. I was upset that I paid city center price to then be sent to Mitre as it is about 4 train (metro) stops from city center and for the same price we get this secluded hotel.Pros: Hotel was in a quite residential area, strong air conditioner, very helpful front-desk staff, matrimonial bed is actually a real double-bed instead of 2 twins pushed together, very clean room, good quality towels.Cons: Cable worked once my husband spent a few minutes messing with the back of the TV, very small bathroom, tiny elevator, away from city center, no real restaurants or shops around there, not near the tour bus route.I really cannot fault the hotel even with the cons I listed above.Maybe I'm just more upset because I know had I booked Mitre directly it would have been cheaper than falling for the overbooking scam Gran Ducat had going on.If you do not mind staying a bit away from city center and want a quite place away from the chaos then this hotel is the place to stay.The metro stop Puxtet was just a few short steps from the hotel so not much of a hassle and train goes directly without transfer to city center.Again, many thanks to the front desk staff for being so helpful, taking lots of time to explain the metro and recommending sightseeing options.Because the hotel is nowhere near other eating places we paid the 10 Euros per person for the breakfast and it was worth it.- JoanaNew Yorker living in Germany 
A good, clean and quiet hotel This is a good, clean, quiet hotel for those travellers who would rather spend their cash on seeing Barcelona rather than on an overpriced hotel slap bang in the city centre. The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from one train station and about 10 minutes to another in the other direction, so getting to see all of the sights is not a problem. The staff were pleasant and helpful and the rooms were clean, well presented and had everything you would expect other than tea/coffee making facilities. Those of you who are light sleepers may wish to take a sleep mask with you, as the curtains certainly do not block out that lovely Spanish sun first thing in the morning! The little supermarket just across the road provides you with the essentials for breakfast and packed lunches.All in all a fairly good value hotel that provides you with a good base from which you can get to see all that Barcelona has to offer. 
You could do a lot worse... This is a good hotel in a good location, even if it is a little difficult to find 1st time round! The hotel isn't in the hustle and bustle but this guarantees a good nights sleep, however it is only a couple of mins walk from the tube stop which goes directly to/from Catalunya square at the start of the Rambles and from where the entire city is accessable. The tubes were very impressive, frequent, quick and clean.Location wise we always felt safe and the supermarket over the road from the hotel is handy.Although we didn't deal with them much more than the usual check in  out the receptionists were friendly, helpful and spoke good English.The room is clean and a reasonable size, as is the bathroom and the jacuzzi bath was very welcome at the end of a busy day exploring.To sum up - This hotel wont rock your world but is good value for money and a great base to explore the city.For those that do book - From El Putext Station take the Balmes exit, carry on to the end of the road where you take a left, and then the next left again (by Pizza Hut) The hotel is a little way up on the left. . 
Good Value hotel...quiet location We booked this hotel on their own website for a last minute short break, mainly because it seemed good value for moneyWe got a taxi to the hotel from the main bus station which cost just over 10 euros. The taxi driver did not know where it was and we had to show him a map we printed off the internet. We would never have found it on our own.The rooms were clean and of a good standard - minibar, hairdrier, good bathroom just no tea/coffee making facilities, Our only complaint was the curtains did not close the full way, letting light into the room in the morningThe hotel and surrounding area was very quiet at night, so easy to get a good nights sleep.There is a small supermarket just down the street and a few coffee bars close by for coffee/pastries for breakfast if you are on room only. Although little in terms of places to eat out in the evening - you need to head into the town centre for a wider choiceWe did have breakfast in the hotel one morning - it was 10 euros each and was a typical buffet - bread, pastries, yoghurt, cereal, ham, cheese, eggs etcIt was 5 mins walk to the el putext metro stop - which takes you right into the heart of Barcelona in under 10 mins. The tube stop was a quiet one, and the ticket machine was easy to use with instructions in English. The trains ran till around 11.30pm. We explored lots of the sights using the metro. 
Nice value       Room - sorry for the lens shadow 
Great Stay and location We arrived late evening on the 25th june by taxi which costs around 35 euros! From the outside the hotel doesnt look the best but once you're in the hotel, its not actually that bad. Theres a 24 hour reception, so checking in was no problem and the staff was very friendly. We asked for a double bed but we actually got two twin beds pushed together (i'm not sure if thats a European thing???). The room was a reasonable size for two people. We had a bath jacuzzi which was nice and the bathroom was also a reasonable size! The room itself was very clean as it was cleaned on a daily basis. The metro station was just 5 minute walk away and it took about 10 minutes to reach the centre of Barcelona (Catalunya). We stayed for four days and bought a T-10 metro ticket which allowed you to travel upto 10 journeys and only cost 6.50 euros (ideal). Barcelona itself was great, it has everything you want in city, we would definiatley go back again and would also stay in the same hotel! 
Great hotel, good position, spacious rooms       excuse the mess! 
Perfect for those who already know and love Barcelona A quiet, comfortable hotel in Puxtet/St Gervasi - one of the nicest areas away from the city centre. Photograph does not do the hotel justice, as outside of building is bland. Room was comfortable and very clean. If you can, ask for a room with a terrace on the top floor - the terrace was big and had a romantic view over rooftops to Tibidabo Mountain - there's a church or something on the summit which is illuminated at night. The terrace rooms are non-smoking, but you can smoke on the terrace if you want. Bathrooms had a jacuzzi-bath which added a touch of luxury. The area is perfect if you already know Barcelona and want to stay in a part of the city less frequented by tourists. It is quite high up, so feels fresher in summer, but has all the bars/cafes/restaurants/markets you could wish for. Metro will take you to centre in 10 minutes, and there are loads of buses going everywhere. We only made it to breakfast once, but it was pretty good if you're hungry - a huge help-yourself affair. Staff were polite and helpful, though not particularly chatty (we were there for 2 weeks and never really struck up a conversation with anyone). In general, ideal if you already know your way around Barcelona and want to explore it in more depth. 
Very impressed! The Mitre is in a nice location, not too far from the centre but close enough to everything, It is a quiet area no noise problems from the in hotel or area at all and the hotel and rooms are very clean and good for a 3 star (even has a whirlpool bath which we loved after a tiring day sight seeing) Noticed when in the centre the noise was very loud at times so it was great knowing i would have no problem sleeping of a night at the Mitre.There are few small shops nearby and also some cafes restaurants. It is very much an area with local people (all seemed to be friendly) and i definatly felt safe here.The hotel is only a 2 minute walk from a metro station El Putxet which will take you on a direct line into the centre which only takes about 8-10mins. They come every 10mins also and the last metro from place catalunya back to the hotel is about 11.30pm.TIP: if you have travelers cheques the hotel or surrounding areas do not exchange them, we wasted about an hour going into what we now know were only savers banks nearby trying to get them changed . In the end we ended up having to go place catalunya to get them changed but later on that day we noticed a Barclays bank about 10mins walk away from the hotel so you could prob get them changed there.Also there is a bus stop at the top of the road 10-15min walk, we only found this out the day before we left, so if you need buses they are there and also there is the RED bus stop there this is for if you get the tourist bus that takes you to sights which you can hop on and off about (18euro a day) you can get off at the top them walk down to the hotel saves having to get off at place catalunya and paying the 1 euro.20 from place catalunya to El Putxet.Also i had no problems with pickpockets, i was very worried about this before i went but i think its just about being sensible, have a zip on your bags, keep it in front of you and dont open you bag/purse in a pubic place where lots of people can see ( weeven but ribbon through the zip and then around the bag stap so there was no way a pick pocket could just unzip it without having to undo the ribbon 1st)All in all very impressed and i would definatly stay here again!!! 
Very good value My first stay in Barcelona, so I don´t really have a comparison. I did like the Mitre: Friendly staff, English no problem, clean room, quiet, very close to the metro, low price, a lot more modern than expected. Would compare it with a 3-4 star business hotel in a small town. Taxi had do call dispatch to find it in a little street, but so what. If you want to rave in some club downtown until early in the morning you might prefer something more central. If you don´t: Try the Mitre. 
Fab Hotel, Recommended! We have just returned from a short break and found Hotel Mitre to be excellent.Rooms were very nice indeed and the staff were very nice also. Hotel is located not too far from the centre, although to walk there would be pushing it.Metro station (El Putxet) is very near by (2mins walk) which allows quick and cheap access ( 1.20 euro one way) to the centre (La Ramblas etc)Transport links we found were unbelievable, always on time and very cheap, fantastic.We had breakfast twice (buffet style,10 euros p.p) which we found good although limited hot food)We would recommend Hotel Mitre without question and would definitely return.Final thought, i read some reviews here that it's a 1* star hotel - can't see that at all because it says 3* star on the sign on the wall outside and by our experiance it is a 3* star hotel no question. 
Excellent Value. Handy Location A nice modern hotel in a handy location for the Metro. Service was good, with helpful staff on reception. Our room was a fair size, was cleaned daily (fresh towels etc) and the real treat at the end of a long day was the hydro-bath. A well-stocked mini-bar :-) We'd fully recommend this hotel as a base. The metro is 100m away, and a one-way trip to Plaza Catalunya (Las Ramblas) cost only 1.15 euros and took 5 mins. If you don't mind walking, you could easily visit many sights. We visited Parc Guell, Sagrada Familia, ending-up at the beach, and along the way discovered the bull ring, the Catalunyan Parliament, Parc De La Ciutadella and Zoo. Took best part of a day but a great way to see things and sample the 'real' Barcelona along the way. In all a very enjoyable stay and a great city! 
Don't Be Fooled By the 1 Star I am one of those people with champagne taste and beer money. Although my husband and I travel on a tight budget, I will not sacrifice CLEANLINESS or comfort. I don’t know why this hotel was classed with one star The jets in the tub didn’t work and the carpet in the hallway was a bit worn. But I would class this hotel by at least three stars. Our room was cleaned everyday. We got good value for our money. I would return to this hotel, no question. The hotel is not in the center of things, it’s very quite. The subway is about 200m away. There are restaurants and bars in the area. The staff was great, very helpful They suggested that we have lunch at La Taula, three blocks away…This place is amazing. 5 stars easy. The prices were the same as what we paid for 2 star dinners in the center of things. We ate there twice; IT IS A MUST FOR COUPLES. 
Great value for the money It was a great hotel with friendly staff and comfortable clean rooms. There is a bar accross from train station with great reasonably priced tapas. You have easy access to the city center and it was great to return to the calm of the hotel at night for a quite sleep. Currently trip advisor has it listed as a 1 star hotel but this is clearly wrong. The hotel posts 3 stars and it is one of the better 3 star hotels I have stayed in in Spain. We are coming back. 
A good hotel in a good location We stayed at the Hotel Mitre in June 2004 and found it to be pleasant, clean and quiet. They offered a variety of food for breakfast, including the delicious tomato puree with garlic on toast (sounds strange!). The metro station was close by and we didn't have any problems getting into the heart of Barcelona. A multirider kept the cost of transport down. In fact, it was nice to be away from all the crowds and noise at times. One of the 'hop on hop off' bus stops was not too far either. For the info of future travellers, there are 2 small supermarkets nearby and about 20 mins walk away from the hotel in a side street is a place where you can obtain internet access - it's not an internet cafe but a place where people play networked games. However, we were able to pay for 30 min blocks of internet access times, which helped with checking emails. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again. 
Fantastic Hotel We stayed here during sticky August so we needed something comfortable inside if it was not to be outside. We drove so it was little hard to find on a back street but this is the only gripe. Room was very clean and well priced with well equiped bathroom. Soundproofing OK, maybe slightly muffled. Don't worry about location as metro is 30 sec walk up the hill and only 10 mins into centre of town. Very good for the price you pay. Go for it. 
Would recommend it The Metro station is just about 2-3 mins walk from the hotel .. but trains only one evry 10 mins... Clean hotel and well maintained. But if you want to get a taste of Barcelona, this area might not be the very best as the neighbourhood is fairly quiet and different frm the bizee central barcelona 
Good for the value! Just back from Spain ....  Lived at Mitre Hotel for 3 nights in Barcelona. I and my girl friend booked the hotel at Seville one day before we arrived in Barcelona. We found that the hotels of Barcelona generally have rates quite high (80 Euro + is very usual, and 90+ is no surprise too....). We gave Mitre a try as the rate was only Euro 174 total for 3 nights, in which one night is Saturday. We knew from map that the place is not close to the central part of Barcelona city,i.e. the plaza Catalunya. After all , it is like at least 20 Euro less than other hotels for every night...and we accepted the down side of the more time that we must take for travelling to the attractions in the city.  Refer to the previous review, I think the reviewer departed in metro station instead of the FGC train station 'El Putxet'. The hotel is pretty close to this FGC train station and is really just 2-min walk from the station.  The hotel is quite new ...Facility is quite enough.. the bathroom has some water-massage system ...   All in all, good for the value...Unless you do absolutely hate taking some time to travel to city centre ( if going to where the Metro line covers, u gotta exchange lines at Diagonal , i.e., station Povenca as in UGC, or Catalunya )  
Good but not terrific The hotel was very clean, furnishings new and the hydromassage bath definitely a plus. However, the metro station was a good 10 - 15 minutes walk away (I don't understand how anyone could do it in 2 minutes, as stated by another reviewer) - walkable, but much further than I personally had anticipated. The staff at the counter were not terribly friendly - maps and guides to the city were not at all forthcoming - you'd have to request for them. TV programming in English was rather limited - to two news channels. And a warning - if you would like to park your car in the hotel's garage, you'd have to book in advance - spaces are very limited. 
Value for money We did spend a long weekend at hotel Mitre in January 2005, after an earlier visit several years ago. The hotel is indeed quiet and comfortable and quite good value for the 55 Euro per night we paid for the room (excl. breakfast, which was 9 Euro for an extensive buffet-breakfast). The rooms are tastefully decorated, bed was OK. There was some noise from other rooms in the morning, the room above us being cleaned, furniture moving. It could do a little better on maintenance (twice the wc flushing mechanism broke down, and a part of the ceiling plasterwork was missing), but all in all we would certainly go back with pleasure for its comfort and quiet environment. Taxi was ca 25 Euro from airport, metro Putxet just 2 minutes walking and direct line to Place Catalunia. 
very good hotel Very good. Clean and with a very new furniture. Within a walking distance from the metro, which brings you everywhere. Recommend it. 
Very well Hotel A pleasant house. We had a nice comfortable room with a terrace and a view over the roofs and to Tibidabo. The Metro-Station is at the corner.  
Nice and quiet stay We stayed for four nights in this hotel. Rooms are not very big, but definitely clean, complete en nice. There is a small bathroom including a bidet and a hydromassage bath. Breakfast is served in a buffet with enough different things you can pick. Metro is just two minutes walking from the hotel. It is a quiet hotel which we loved because Barcelona city is noisy enough of itself.We had a very nice and quiet stay, nearby the Guell park, and easy to go where ever we wanted in the city, because of the metro nearby. We would recommend it to everyone who wants to visit Barcelona en wants to be sure that you can sleep at night! 
Can thoroughly recommend Do not worry that this hotel is out of the centre. It is within a very short walking distance of a metro station that, within ten minutes, takes you to the centre and all the delights of Barcelona. The rooms were very good and the staff excellent - we do expect a high level of service and we were very impressed with everything they did for us. Some things very simple such as extra pillows and good advice on where to eat locally (excellent tapas bar just around the corner!) and providing a map to assist us in finding our way around. Would certainly go back and do not hesitate to recommend. We stayed there based on another review advising it was the best price/service ratio that another reviewer had experienced in Spain. We were not disappointed. We were told that the breakfast was excellent and at 8.90 euros each we have to say this was certainly true. The trains back from town run until 2.00 am and, at worst, the taxi fare is about 6 euros from the centre. 
buon rapporto qualita prezzo   showReview(22796227, 'full');  
Assolutamente negativo il fatto...   showReview(22459424, 'full');  
El HOTEL ESTA MUY BIEN, LO...   showReview(21836945, 'full');  
Ottimo per chi vuole visitare...   showReview(20436289, 'full');  
L'hotel è ben situato vicino...   showReview(20387029, 'full');  
Schlicht, aber sehr empfehlenswert!   showReview(18526181, 'full');  
Ottimo il collegamento con la...   showReview(17272719, 'full');  
Unerwarteter Luxus für drei Sterne   showReview(16609720, 'full');  
Bon rappport qualité prix   showReview(15572368, 'full');  
Al nostro arrivo ci ha accolti...   showReview(14650117, 'full');  
Le camere erano molto...   showReview(16724641, 'full');  
Consigliatissimo, perchè è...   showReview(13222899, 'full');  
É stato il primo soggiorno a...   showReview(13111418, 'full');  
Buon hotel, buona accoglienza e...   showReview(12651678, 'full');  
Zona comoda x visitare la...   showReview(11417104, 'full');  
Desayuno no incluido, precio...   showReview(11417107, 'full');  
Struttura buona, in posizione...   showReview(11417108, 'full');  
L' hotel è molto curato...   showReview(11417110, 'full');  
La vasca idromassaggio in...   showReview(11417109, 'full');  
Bon hôtel malgré un service à revoir   showReview(11444638, 'full');  
Hotel calme dans une rue calme...   showReview(12648497, 'full');  
Hotel buono in posizione un po...   showReview(11417105, 'full');  
Reception accogliente; stanze...   showReview(11417111, 'full');  
È un ottimo albergo che coniuga...   showReview(11417106, 'full');  
Bonnes prestations, chambre...   showReview(11417112, 'full');  
L'hotel è in una buona...   showReview(11417113, 'full');  
nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11344067, 'full');  
Preis-Leistung stimmt   showReview(11344066, 'full');  
Vorsicht Autoreisende   showReview(11344065, 'full');  
Il posto e' servito da Metro e...   showReview(11417115, 'full');  
Hôtel pas bien situé   showReview(11344051, 'full');  
Nel complesso il giudizio è...   showReview(11417116, 'full');  
Hotel de très bonne qualité...   showReview(11417117, 'full');  
Abbiamo avuto qualche...   showReview(11417118, 'full');  
Camere pulite,bagno ben...   showReview(11417119, 'full');  
Cet hôtel est trés bien situé...   showReview(11417120, 'full');  
Ottimo albergo. Chi vuole...   showReview(11417121, 'full');  
Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo...   showReview(11417122, 'full');  
Sono stata molto bene hotel...   showReview(11417123, 'full');  
Per quanto situato in periferia...   showReview(11417124, 'full');  
Lo peor es la indicación...   showReview(11417125, 'full');  
Consiglio a tutti i ragazzi che...   showReview(11417129, 'full');  
Très bon hôtel à recommander...   showReview(11417127, 'full');  
UNICA NOTA: TROPPO ELEVATO IL...   showReview(11417128, 'full');  
Nous avons passé un très bon...   showReview(11417130, 'full');  
Für Frühstück hätten wir noch...   showReview(11417132, 'full');  
Très bon hotel situé dans une...   showReview(11417131, 'full');  
Lontano dal centro, ma ben...   showReview(11417133, 'full');  
Hôtel calme et agréable...   showReview(11417134, 'full');  
Vicino alla fermata del...   showReview(11417135, 'full');  
L'albergo risulta di buona...   showReview(11417136, 'full');  
Hôtel bien situé (proche du...   showReview(11417137, 'full');  
Un établissement parfait pour...   showReview(11417138, 'full');  
Die Lage des Hotels ist nicht...   showReview(11417140, 'full');  
El hotel esta muy bien, se ve...   showReview(11417139, 'full');  
Mi sono trovata molto bene...   showReview(11417141, 'full');  
Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo...   showReview(11417142, 'full');  
Ein wunderbar kleines Hotel...   showReview(11417143, 'full');  
La estancia estuvo bien, el...   showReview(12651606, 'full');  
Nur 200m zur U-Bahn!! Sehr gute...   showReview(12650741, 'full');  
Mi ritengo molto soddisfatto...   showReview(11417145, 'full');  
È un albergho prevalentemente...   showReview(11417146, 'full');  
