Bed hard as a rock, location ok, overall fair We booked a double room with sofa for four nights over Christmas. The room was spacious and clean although there was a lack of drawer or shelves for the clothing. (for 2 adults this length of stay). The bathroom is one of those plastic 鈥渂athroom-in-a-box kit鈥?things that some hotels have. The bed and pillows were very hard and uncomfortable. We took both comforters and put them on top of the mattress to pad it a bit.There is plenty of parking on site in the garage. The breakfast buffet is very complete and kept stocked the entire time it is open. The staff speaks perfect English and there are many people around if you need assistance. There is one computer available in the lobby for guests but the entire time we were there some parents had dumped their kids there to entertain themselves and play games (very annoying but not the hotel鈥檚 fault). No free net in the room. We brought our computer but the hookup fee is outrageous. The closest U Bahn stop (Markisches Museum) is a 10 minute walk and the U2 red line is pretty good for making most connections. We tried the Indian restaurant on the corner there one night (Shezan) It was pretty good. Nikolaiviertel is just 2 blocks away and the Alexanderplatz is also within walking distance. If the weather had been a little nicer, say 8---10 degrees instead of 0 we would have walked most everywhere or rented bikes. Even thought it was cold you can see the great bike paths and you can tell that locals do bike around the city. We did prefer this area to our last stay in the city when we were down by all the shopping near Kurfurstenstrasse. The area we most enjoyed this visit was Hackescher Market and we will try to stay there next time. 
Excelent location We Flew from Stansted to Sch枚nefeld with Ryan air then we had to get to Berlin itself which was very easey indeed The quickest way to get into the city is by taking the RB14 Airport Express Train(use this to get back to the airport too) from platforms 3 or 4 at Berlin Sch枚nefeld Flughafen Station which is an easy six minute walk from the airport terminal. Once at the station you get yourself a travel ticket from the multi lingual machine which will only cost you a few Euro's with plenty of options depending on your stay. It only took us 25 mins to get to Alexanderplatz. Once we arrived we needed a U pass for the underground which was excelent by the way and you pay depending on which zones you want to travel to. This is the best way to get around by far it was so simple. On arrival at Hotel we were swiftly checked in. The only fault i could come up with was that the smoking room we asked for smelt quite strong of smoke ( Yes i might be stating the obvious) That aside it was a very nice clean good sized modern looking room  nice firm bed too. I certainly have a no problem staying here again it was a very nice Hotel. Food  Drinks can be a little on the pricey side but at the time the dire Euro rate wasnt exactly helping matters anywhere we went. Berlin has alot to offer you we went for the xmas markets and they very good. At the same time we done alot of sight seeing like Checkpoint charlie, Berlin wall and Brandenburg gates to name a few.. Also the shops had alot to offer too its a great place to shop but as i said earlier the Euro rate stopped us from shopping unfortunately. Overall i recommend Berlin and the Novotel Berlin Mitteas a recommended stay. People were friendly good things to see and do. We had rain on our first day there but it didnt dampen our spirits thanks Berlin 
Over all expectations We spent 3 days in this hotel with kids 1012 years old. The hotel offered an excellent rate on its website and we did not expect too much. However cleanliness, practicality, decent room size, free parking, practical U-bahn access, fantastic French-touch breakfast buffet, and above all friendliness of the staff made this a memorable stay. 
great Breakfast We stayed in this hotel on a city break with breakfast included. The quality and choice at breakfast was excellent and really set us up for the day. The hotel was also near many of the Christmas markets we wanted to visit in east Berlin. The location was good and within walking distance of most things. The room was spacious by hotel standards and clean. staff were friendly.We were able to store our luggage after check out. 
Great stay This hotel is in a great location. We traveled in by public transport from Schonefield and it was really easy. The Ubhan is only minutes away and we used it a lot with our welcome card. This hotel is very clean and modern and has the best soundproofing windows i have ever came across, which is great considering the road outside is very busy.The breakfast is very good but expensive at 16euro so try to get the city break rate that includes the breakfast. Walking distance to the river and Berliner Dom and museum island. Overall a great stay 
Handy Location great buffet breakfasts I arrived pretty late about 11pm, and the check in was very quick and I got allocated a room on the top floor which was quite good. I don't speak much German and the staff generally spoke pretty good English. I was at the back of the Hotel which was quite good as there was a view over some gardens towards the canal. There were a few 20 floor tower blocks nearby but not close enough to overlook too much. The front of the Hotel would have been noisier as there is a busy 6 lane highway, so the back suited me as I like to open my window rather than just use the aircon.The Hotel seems built to a good standard with wide hallways and spacious rooms, I think it was built about 5 years ago. I was next to the lift which was handy, but the motor could be faintly heard but not enough to be annoying. I think there were 3 lifts and 3 staircases.The bed seemed comfortable and pretty firm which I prefer.One of the best things was the buffet breakfast which gets served till 10.30am. I ate bacon, scrambled eggs, sausages, fat chips then croissants with jam followed up with fruit salad, but this was only a fraction of what was on offer. My aim was to fill up so that I could get by with just a snack during the day which I managed quite well.There was a handy lobby bar for draft pilsner beer etc, and a restaurant where I tried a pasta dish which was not bad for about 10 Euros. There is a handy supermarket only yards from the entrance where I stocked up on German Cheeses, Sausages breads and deserts for when I wanted to snack in some evenings rather than eat out.The Hotel is only a couple hundred yards from the U Bahn Station and this links to Alexanderplatz for getting the S Bahn to the Airport (EUR 2,80). It cost me EUR 38 for a taxi from the Airport (Schoenfeld) to the Hotel.The checkout time was noon and they have a secure place to store bags which was handy as I had a late flight out. 
Great hotel, great location, convenient price The hotel is modern and really well situated.I got a very good price for bedbreakfast and the breakfast is one of the best I've been to.Rooms are nice and confortable and staff is always ready to help. 
Great Hotel Stayed 2 nights. Its near Alexanderplatz- the Old East part of Belin.Modern 6 storey hotel. Big bed good en suite facilities. Chairs and table in room were nice and meant you didnt have to sit on bed all time. Usual facilities- TV,WFI,minibar, etc. Very Clean.Good bar - nice barman who could knock up cocktails.Aircon a major plus.Staff all English speakers and very freindly - lots of them - didnt eat breakfast 15e each - went to millys cafe on next block where breakfast for 2 was 8.60e.Location great 10 min stroll to Alexanderplatz and close to roads to get out of Berlin by car.Another good value,spotlessly clean,highly efficient Novotel - 100% recommended 
Delighted with Hotel Hotel mitte is very close to many attractions if you do not mind a short walk. Alexander platz 10-15 minutes, Check point charlie 20 minutes and underground 3 minutes (spittelmarkt). Hotel staff excellent, always someone on the desk who could speak english - Eric and Fabien were very helpful. We were not able to book breakfast as we booked at the last minute - however there is a small mall on the next block which has a bakery.Room was spotless and big enough for three with sofa bed.People very friendly and helpful particularly on underground when trying to purchase tickets. Never felt threatened at all walking to and from hotel to major attractions.Free walking tour starting at starbucks near brandengerg tor - excellent !!Would certainly use this hotel again!!! 
Nice Hotel In A Nice City A Nice Hotel in a Nice Location in a Nice City 
Great design, location and value This stands out as one of my favourite hotels from numerous trips. Very nice staff, nice restaurant with decent beer selection. Room (upper floor) had fabulous design and decor and was quiet. Location was good, in Mitte, about a 5 minute walk to the subway. Novotel has become one of my favourite hotels - consistently good value, good locations and design. 
Good nights sleep but of the beaten track The room was very clean and modern. Location wise, the hotel is a little out of the way from the action (probably 10-15 minutes walk) but there is a metro station close by. I would stay there again given the value for money. Berlin was amazing and I would definitely recommend a walking tour. 
A Decent Hotel       Exterior 
Spoil yourself with gaufrettes The highlight of the breakfast table in this downtown hotel is a self serving machine for making e.g. maple sirup wafers. But you will find plenty of ham specialities, fruits, cakes too.Friendly, efficient welcome, large perfectly clean rooms, mine was decorated in brown, beige and red. Sauna and fitness center for working out in the basement. Only thjing I missed was a bathrobe.Best feature is location: neighbouring hirstoric Nikolai Quarter, therefore in the sightseeing triangle between Potsdamer Platz, Unter den Linden and Alexanderplatz. The between makes some difference in (lower) rates, while the distance is still not more than 3 blocks to Alexanderplatz or 2 min. to U-Bahn station Spittelmarkt. Bus stop for 3 lines around the corner at a small neighbbourhood shopping center with food store, hairderesser and cosy greek restaurant with outdoor garden. 
Loved It After travelling around Europe for 2 weeks, my family  I arrived at Berlin to visit for 4 days and thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. We had managed to obtain a very discounted rate from one of the online websites, so this hotel was considered very comfortable compared to what we had been staying in for the past 2 weeks. The U-bahn station is a mere 2 minute walk across the street - very very convienient especially when compared to the place we had stayed in in Florence; dragging wheeled luggages across crowded uneven streets is no fun. There were also 2 computers in the lobby for use by guests, as well as a video game console (playstation? xbox? i didn't really pay attention) and a Foos ball table. I have no idea whether they were there because of the World Cup last year or if they are permanent, but they were certainly welcomed by my deprived younger siblings. 
Bit out of the way Nice 4 star hotel in a fairly quiet neighbourhood away from most of the tourist spots.Whilst internet access in the room is quite expensive EUR19.95 per day, there is a free PC in the lobby, although it can (understandably) get quite busy at times.Breakfast was nothing too special.Subway station is a quick walk from the hotel (Spittelmarkt on the U2 line).There is a small convenience shop hidden away at the back of the hotel (and across the road). 
Good service We stayed here as a family and loved it. The room was large and clena with nice facilities. The breakfast was extensive and the bar/restaurant was reasonably priced.The staff were friendly and indeed dried some of the children's clothers without being asked. Location is good with a U-bahn just 2 minutes walk (or three if the kids are slow).All in all we were very happy. 
Perfect location We spent a week in Berlin in October. Berlin is a fantastic town and this hotel is perfect to discover it. As many modern hotels, it is quite neutral, staff is more professional than friendly, but rooms and service are really good. And it is located just near Alexanderplatz and Ubahn Stadtmitte, which is closed to everything : museums, shops, restaurants usw ...We would definitely go back to this hotel. 
Great value hotel for a short break We stayed at the Novotel Mitte for 2 nights. It has a good location, although it's on a busy main road. Don't know how noisy this would be for the rooms at the front. There is a tube station about a minute's walk away and the hotel sells day tickets for the transport system, which saves having to use the station vending machines. It is about five minutes walk along the river from the cathedral/Alexanderplatz area.The room was spacious and light with a well equipped bathroom and modern decoration. Everything was clean and tidy.There is an excellent hot and cold breakfast buffet to set you up for the day. Very few people used the hotel restaurant during our stay, but we found the service to be very good and there was a reasonable choice on the menu.The reception staff all spoke perfect English and were pleasant and helpful.A taxi from Schoenefeld cost 28 euros. 
Excellent location and a comfortable hotel! It's situated in Fiscerinsel, which is close to Nikolai viertel in the part of the city called Mitte. From the airport Sch酶nefeld you have to take the train to Alexanderplatz, and then a taxi or a 1,2 km walk to the hotel(it's easy to find). Once there, the location is perfect for exploring central Berlin, especially the eastern part of the city. Your in walking distance of all the main attractions, like the Museum island, the TV tower, Unter den Linden etc. The western part of Berlin is only a short bus-ride away - the buses stops on Unter den Linden all the time. The hotel room had a nice size, with a sofa(bed) and table and most amenities, and a bath-tub which was excellent after long days of walking around the city. 
great hotel - whiffy bathroom I've stayed here before and I'll stay here again. The rates are good, the location spot on, the rooms a good size, the staff courteous. As Berlin is so spread out where better place to be than the Mitte ?The buffet breakfast is excellent, and the room service pasta dish is superb (one is enough for two people).Only downside was the mild but obvious pong of drains as I entered the room, which I had to resolve by filling the bath and sink with enough water to cover the plugholes. The shower holder struggled a bit to hold on to the shower, and the sink tap has got to be the most awkward in the world.But bathroom issues aside, a great hotel. 
Great hotel in a great city We recently stayed here for the Berlin Marathon - which was a lucky choice as it is actually on the course so I could watch the runners without fighting through the crowds.This is a great hotel - spotlessly clean and very modern. The beds were exceptionally comfortable and bathroom has a big bath that you can relax in after a heavy day of shopping or walking.As with other reviewers, I booked directly through the website which is definitely the best option as when we enquired about staying the following weekend, we discovered that the actual price was over double what we paid.Berlin Mitte is a great area to stay in as it close to many things of interest, but if walking is not your thing there is a U-Bahn station about 2 minutes walk from the hotel. I found the public transport in Berlin was very easy to use, but make sure you validate your ticket in the machine if you buy a daily pass. 
Great Stay This is a great base for expolring Berlin - it is in the former East Berlin side of the city but as Berlin is simply huge you will need to use the underground to get around and so it is in an excellent location just a couple of minutes from a u-bahn station. Try booking direct with the hotel - if you do this far enough in advance you can get some great deals on rooms. Rooms are very clean and quite spacious and you are within walking distance of Alexaderplatz. You are also within walking distance of a small area where there are bars and restaurants but it is fairly easy to use the underground to get around. If it is your first visit to Berlin and you are on limited time you might want to give the Checkpoint Charlie Museum a miss - it is not really that interesting (you can see the checkpoint without going inside the museum). The Zoo has giant pandas (well worth seeing) and there is an excellent aquarium. Don't miss a visit to the dome of the reichstag - well worth the queues. 
Superb Hotel in Excellent Location       Deck chairs near main entrance 
one of the best hotels i've ever been in   showReview(5711892, 'full');  
Excellent value for money   showReview(5602841, 'full');  
Fant谩stico hotel en Berl铆n   showReview(5600253, 'full');  
Pleasent stay for families with young children   showReview(4499814, 'full');  
Excellent hotel, excellent price       Night view from the hotel room 
Pleasant no-nonsense hotel   showReview(4252849, 'full');  
Good value with internet booking   showReview(3635703, 'full');  
Great Service and value!   showReview(3550928, 'full');  
Tremendous value for money in the former East Berlin.   showReview(2428313, 'full');  
Great find in Berlin   showReview(1662405, 'full');  
Gelungene 脺berraschung   showReview(23259808, 'full');  
Buen hotel, buena ubicaci贸n. C茅ntrico y metro al lado       Novotel Berlin Mitte Room 129 
Zum zweiten Mal und immer wieder !   showReview(23172455, 'full');  
Tolle Lage - sehr guter Service   showReview(22534309, 'full');  
Einwandfreie Unterkunft und Verpflegung.   showReview(22472234, 'full');  
Das Hotel war eher mittelm盲脽ig, den es hatte keinen guten Empfangsservice   showReview(22459285, 'full');  
Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungs Verh盲ltins, sauber und nettes Personal   showReview(22343775, 'full');  
Sehr sch枚nes Hotel mitten im Zentrum von Berlin!   showReview(21973748, 'full');  
Komfortables, und sehr sauberes Hotel in Berlin Mitte   showReview(21774248, 'full');  
Prima Familienhotel   showReview(21688579, 'full');  
Novotel Berlin Mitte super Familienhotel!   showReview(21496563, 'full');  
绔嬪湴銇ㄥ€ゆ銇屻仺銇︺倐鑹亜   showReview(20776310, 'full');  
modern und zweckm盲脽ig   showReview(20552836, 'full');  
... -   showReview(20552833, 'full');  
Hotel da consigliare a tutti   showReview(19693436, 'full');  
petits d茅jeuners trop chers !! 16 E   showReview(19643924, 'full');  
Vergogna   showReview(19200897, 'full');  
Lavish breakfast       the speaker in the bathroom 
das Novotel in berlin war toll   showReview(19062763, 'full');  
OTTIMO PER GIRARE ANCHE A PIEDI IL CENTRO   showReview(19643919, 'full');  
Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(19643923, 'full');  
Lage und Zimmer und Preis super, Service naja....   showReview(19643921, 'full');  
Super   showReview(19643918, 'full');  
Ideal f眉r St盲dtereise   showReview(18523824, 'full');  
Katastrophe   showReview(18523823, 'full');  
Estupendo hotel   showReview(17349308, 'full');  
Leider entt盲uschend   showReview(17428834, 'full');  
Hotel bello, comodo in posizione centrale   showReview(17428827, 'full');  
Nur zu empfehlen   showReview(17428826, 'full');  
Top Zustand der Hotels in sehr guter zentraler Lage   showReview(17428825, 'full');  
Alles im gr眉nen Bereich   showReview(16595766, 'full');  
Gute Lage, guter Service, sch枚nes Ambiente   showReview(16595765, 'full');  
Zu Empfehlen   showReview(16595767, 'full');  
bon choix       le hall et le bar 
Perfetto!!!   showReview(15153728, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(15579183, 'full');  
Ottimo hotel!   showReview(15579187, 'full');  
ist gut, keine beschwerden   showReview(13984605, 'full');  
4 Tage nur mit F眉hst眉ck   showReview(13984604, 'full');  
F眉r 4 Sterne...   showReview(13984606, 'full');  
gerne wieder   showReview(13196155, 'full');  
Novotel Berlin: sehr gut   showReview(12547329, 'full');  
Gut, g眉nstig, nah gelegen   showReview(13196154, 'full');  
Erholung pur!   showReview(13196153, 'full');  
Einfach perfekt!   showReview(13196150, 'full');  
Gerne wieder!   showReview(13196149, 'full');  
Gerne immer wieder.   showReview(11309087, 'full');  
Gerade f眉r Familien sehr gut!!!   showReview(10569569, 'full');  
Ein sehr sch枚ner Herbsturlaub!   showReview(10186932, 'full');  
Hotel ist zu empfehlen w眉rde wieder hin gehen   showReview(11667622, 'full');  
Internet che non c'猫   showReview(8367614, 'full');  
Tolles Hotel in guter Lager   showReview(11358161, 'full');  
