Worst Hotel Ever Location of hotel is too far from the main city area, 10 min walk to the nearest metro. Hotel staff very unfriendly, unhelpful, unresponsive and no detail to service. Definitely not 4 star more like a 2 very tired and run-down. Rooms very basic and very small, no ironing facilities have to send out and pay. Bar fridge is a locked and safe is 5 euro a day. No DVD or Video player. Wooden floorboards thruout very noisey. Internet out of order for the whole week. Breakfast - hot food not hot, refrigerated foods not cold and fruit was not fresh. Worst hotel we have ever stayed at. 
2nd TIME AND ALLWAYS GOOD It is the second time we went to this hotel. As the first time it was a very excellend option for price and service. Easy to move with the 'metro' and the staff even more helpfull. 
Very convenient for reaching Parc Guell, quite and reserved Nice hotel, not very close to Las Ramblas (but that's why I like it). Relaxing, nice and friendly staff (for italian people: large part of them can speak in italian). Quite difficult to find because it's not on the main street. 10 minutes faraway by foot from Lesseps underground station.In 15 minutes you can reach town center. Rooms of various size (have been there for 3 times), clean and with good facilities. Some rooms are quite distant from wireless Internet connection so there's not a top class connection. Continental breakfast is Ok but not so wonderful for italian people(I'm italian but I'm used to stay abroad in hotel for working so no problems for me). Only 10minutes walking faraway from Park Guell, one of the most beautiful places in Barcellona in my opinion. 
Loved it I went on a tour with efcollegebreak and this is where they booked us. This place was probably one of the best places we stayed at. It had good elevators, great staff, nice rooms with a view, cold a/c., a bar, internet, and good breakfast. The staff was amazing they would do anything to help. They would always help you find something or give you directions somewhere. I was having trouble with the computer and the man at the desk would keep trying to help me. The rooms were clean and roomy. The bathrooms were bigger too. The location isnt too bad, there are restaraunts, a grocery store and internet cafe close by. The bus and metro stations are not too far and they are easy to get around on. The taxis are not too bad of a price there. Feel free to message me. 
I loved it and so did my friends and teachers well i stayed in the hotel only a few days ago and i was pleasantly surprised at the accomodation..... altough the rooms were basic we had a good sized bathroom!!i was staying with other students from my school and three teachers..... i think we all had a good stay in this hotel we made friends easily and you could always talk to the staff as they were very friendly.... there is a tube station onl 10 or so minutes away from the hotel where you can visit Las Ramblas [ which you must visit ] i truley hope i can come and stay i this hotel again it was a great experience ! 
Horror and nightmare come true Hotel is infested with scabies, ants, and cockroaches. Do not stay there.Many members of our 31 group reported insect infestation in their rooms, some were bitten by bed bugs.Tab water in some rooms was yellow.Hotel is very inaccessible, located far in the north, not really accessible by bus or car. Hardly any restaurants or food stores anywhere nearby.Clerks unfriendly and hastled.Massive groups stay there, so noisy and very busy.Breakfast buffet had dirty dishes.Again, do not stay there. 
Less than a Three Star Hotel The hotel room looked worn and smelled of stale tobacco smoke. General hallway appearance is of a somewhat rundown hotel. The most disturbing thing was that on checkout there was confusion and delay over whether our account had been prepaid. In the confusion, we did not get our credit card back. That evening, when we discovered this, we cancelled our card. By then a fraudulent charge of $642.06 had already been made. 
OK apart from the Giant Cockroaches After having read the earlier reviews of this hotel, I was dreading staying at this hotel. Our company had block-booked some rooms for an exhibition in Barcelona. The room although small and basic was reasonably clean and the sheets were fresh so this was a plus. The staff in general were helpful (especially the porter who killed the giant cockroach in a colleague's bathroom).It is clear that the hotel is in need of a serious deep clean - there was in fact more than one cockroach reported and the place just didn't smell fresh.Wireless is 鈧?7 for 24 hours. The location was fine and we didn't have any problems getting taxi drivers to take us back to the hotel.Only stay at this hotel if you reallly have no alternatives or you are studying cockroach behaviour. 
No words to discribe how HORRIBLE it was I wrote this review at 3 o'clock in the morning when i was not able to sleep due to people in the halls, and water draining through pipes.THIS HOTEL SHOULD NOT BE OPERATING. AND IF IT IS, IT SHOULD BE RATED UNDER A HOMELESS SHELTER, NOT UNDER A 4 STAR HOTEL!!!!!!I have personally seen hostels that are are more comfortable and have better service than this hotel.the walls are so thin that when someone walks by your room it sounds like they are in your room walking on your head. and yes thats also at 3 in the morning too! -The lighting in the rooms are dim and cheap.- The walls are falling apart and have patches all over. - The view out your window is a wall 2 feet away.- On chili and cold nights, there is no heating. (It gets really cold) - the rooms smell like cigarette smoke and rot.- a 10-15 minute walk to the closest train or subway; and let alone finding a taxi because the hotel is in hilly residential area.- If you need cash, there is no ATM, and you are told to walk 10 minutes away to get an ATM.-If you need a drink you must go to the cold lobby and have change to buy from a soda machine. - In your hotel rooms, you constantly hear water running through draining and sewer pipes. and yes also 3 in the morning. 
Terrible Experience Room is cold and damp at night and no heat provided. Walls are covered with mold. TV not working. Overall a very uncomfortable setting. About 7 blocks far from the Metro. Taxi not easy to find as it is away from City center.Making it difficult to access with luggage, area is very hilly. Would never stay here again nor recommend to anyone. 
Don't bother! This hotel definitely does not deserve 4 star rating - the room my family were in had bits of wallpaper coming off and the bathroom looked like it could do with renovation. As far as the view was concerned - WHAT VIEW! Opened the curtain to see windows to left and right and brick walls - no sight of sky at all. Food was ok - not huge dining room but sufficient for purpose I suppose. Staff were not the friendliest. The hotel is up a big hill and didn't feel safe returning there at night as not well lit. 
Unpleasant experience Stayed here for three nights and had several problems... No hot water in the shower, lavatory didn鈥檛 flush at all, walls paper thin and overall impression very untidy. I had often difficulties in getting a taxi to the hotel. The place also lacked a proper internet connection. Hotel鈥檚 personnel didn鈥檛 solve any of the problems and their attitude was unhelpful. Only positive thing was that the breakfast was decent. 
Never 4 star Chose this hotel as it said was ideal for the centre and a 4 star hotel for this had to be taken! Was not bad for the centre although bit further than says, 4 metro stops away. I would not rate this hotel as 4 star but probably a 3 star. The room was small for a double and the wooden floors and 'paper' walls could be offputting!Staff were generally reasonably helpful although they gave me and my girlfriend the wrong directions twice. Only other problem i would say was there was a slight sewage smell right outside the hotel which, when you leave, doesnt really make you want to go back!Overall, fairly disappointed! 
Disappointing We were sent here from another hotel because thay had overbooked. At first we were sceptical since this hotel was not as central as the one we had originally booked. But being a 4 star hotel we agreed, because we thought it would be a nice hotel.We were wrong. Not to say it terrible, but certainly not 4 stars. We have stayed in nicer 1 star hotels in Catalonia. The room looked worn and the refridgerator for the minibar was locked and they didn't have the key. The staff was generally very unhelpful and seemed to not want us to stay there (maybe because we were booked there for the price of a cheaper hotel). 
Terrible situation in there we were a group of 58 students who are graduating this year from the University of Cyprus and decided to go for a trip in the wonderful city of Barcelona. as soon as we entered the hotel we were waiting for the receptionist to find available rooms for us. the lobby was ok but the surprise came later when we were finally given the keys for our rooms... as soon as i entered the room i took a look at the room. the beds the walls the windows and the airconditioning were not suitable for a 4 star hotel since they looked very old...getting in detail i discovered later that the shower was broken and i could not take a shower but i had to do it in other rooms using a towel of my own since those of the hotel were dirty... until night i was hearing girl of my group shouting and complaining that they discovered nails and hair on their beds...the situation was terrible...as for the food; the fruits were rotten and the plates were dirty and the pork was almost ...ALIVE!!! 
Bad food We called the food Mystery Meat and would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Shame on CHA Educational Tours for using this hotel for their touring groups! 
Don't even think about it... Certainly not 4*, more like a bad 2*. The fact is, it does not really matter how many stars are on the wall outside, it could be 7 stars but this place would still be a dump. A large group of students were staying and all checked out at 4am. The hotel is like one big echo chamber so there was no escaping the sound of bags being dragged across the floor that night. At least the poor students must have been happy to be leaving... Bad rooms, bad fittings, bad location.... don't stay there. 
Dump, dump, dump The only rating for this place is as a Four-Star-Dump... my room was a mess... small, quite unkempt, loose plaster, dirty walls, soiled carpet, moldy shower/bath, bird-poo on the window, and a smell reminiscent of sweaty socks and cigarettes... and location, hmmm... better like to climb/walk (for miles), or hire a cab... I've stayed in far nicer youth hostels and have seen far cleaner truck-stop restrooms... stay away unless you're a sadist... 
Hated it I went to the hotel as part of a college trip and I thought the hotel was going to be alright seeing as I saw it on the website and thought 'ahhh...we're going to be staying in a 4* hotel'. The staff are so friendly and the lobby area seems so nice. But despite that the rest of the hotel was disgraceful. The lifts were so small that it could only be 1 person at a time with their suitcases. I was going to share a room with 3 other people and when we got to our room there was only 3 beds and no room for 1 more, but they said that they were going to put in another bed for all of us. When we asked to change room they got rude and up tight about it. But after the 3rd time all 3 of us got a room, where the bathroom was so small and the bath and toilet looked really dirty. There was no view from the room but other windows, litter on the floor below and a wall. We had Italian students also with us, who kept playing knock down ginger and was making noise till 4 am.The food was absolutly rubbish and was the same thing every night, in the bistro upstairs. No one could have a proper drink just only water. But on the last night we did eat downstairs in the proper resturant and the food was just a bit better. Breakfast was nothing neither.The hotel is in the worst location ever, because a coach cannot take you up there so you have to walk the way from the main road up a steep hill. The train station, Lesseps, aint too far away but is a good walk down a hill and over a bridge. But when you are tired and you are on your way back from that station it seems such a long and tiring walk. The hotel doesn't deserve the 4*'s given as it was nothing like it. It deserved 1* not even 2*. The best bit of the hotel is the new part where we had to put our luggage.  
this is a disgrace to barcelona I am lost for words to describe not only the dreadful experience my family had at this hotel but the disgraceful way the management of this hotel treated my complaint .... can you actually believe it they threatened to take me to court for taking unauthorised photographs of the state of the hotel so I could justify my complaint to the supplier !! They threatened me with legal action for committing an offence against their privacy and tried every method to intimidate me not to reveal the true extent of the condition of the hotel. I am a travel agent and will never allow any of my clients to venture within a mile of this hotel and will do everything possible to prevent anyone else having there trip to such a beautiful city as Barcelona ruined by the total arrogance and unprofessional hoteliers who run and own this hotel. Even with the photographs to show the gaping holes in our hotel room, the classroom kicked in state of the corridors, the hanging off windows..... etc the management called me a liar and said I had no cause for complaint. Avoid this hotel at any cost and be warned that they are part of a chain and apparently I am advised that when a hotel is bought over by a large hotel chain in spain they can put in a minibar and hey presto they can award themselves the 4star rating that the rest of the group have ... so this is why most people would award its original rating of 2 stars ..... and even then the lack of service and general decor would be an insult to most 2 star hotels I have come across. Go to Barcelona but stay elsewhere ... 
Nice enough, but 4 Stars?!?!?!? Went there in February as part of a college trip, so a note of warning: don't go until after April, as the hotel is awash with Italian students, running up and down the corridors at 2am and ringing you on the internal telephones at all times of the day.Don't get me wrong, the hotel was nice enough, just the walk up to the hotel becomes a bit of a joke after 4 days, so get a taxi from either Lesseps metro station (a good walk away) or from wherever you are in the city if you are staying at this hotel.Nice bistro-style restaurant on the very top floor with great views across Barcelona, but the downstairs restaurant is supposed to be much nicer, cuisine wise. 
downtown reject the sheets on arrival where dirty and had stains on them when asked to have them clewaned they wasnt, the window was hanging off its hinges and was never fixed a blanket was not given to me after i complained as i didnt want to sleep in the bed. dust balls every where and staff at the reception where rude and unhelpfull. bad location on top of a hill away from life. 
hated the climb not a 4 star hotel by any means the room was very dark and shabby with cigarette burns on all the chairs - it was like living in an echo chamber due to all the noise. the bar closed early and prices varied depending on who served you. this hotel would not suit any elderly or infirm guests due to the steep hill that it sits on . asked for a light bulb to be changed-4 days later when i left still not done however barcelona great sights,food[ not hotel],public transport do take tmb turistic bus blue route best. 
try and avoid this hotel The websites on the internet rate it as anywhere between a two to three star. What you get in reality is a two star hotel, with extremely poor service. The AC's do not work between 9 pm and 9 am (!) and apparently advertising this on the website is not part of their policy. The hotel staff consistenly lied and came up with varied stories leaving you feeling rather helpless, especially if you don't speak Spanish. Furthermore, its not very accessible, its about a 10-15 minute walk to the metro and a further 15 minutes into town on the metro or else you can take a cab. But in general, you are better of living closer to downtown and in a more reliable hotel. Would definitely definitely AVOID at all costs. 
Four stars? The reception staff at this hotel were friendly but the hotel was hardly a four star. Our room was big, and the double bed was two beds pushed together. Minibars are advertised as a feature of the hotel, but we didn't have one. Our room didn't have a balcony or a terrace, also as advertised -- it overlooked a dank cement triangle. The phone wasn't connected.If the hotel were a three star, I wouldn't have been disappointed.The location is outside of the centre of Barcelona. It's about a 10 minute walk to the metro. Lovely area, once you get past the ring road. 
buena relacion calidad precio   showReview(22247646, 'full');  
No corresponde con las estrellas que tiene   showReview(21908650, 'full');  
Chambres OK mais un peu juste pour un 4 茅toiles   showReview(21788701, 'full');  
La qualit茅 de l'h么tel et du...   showReview(20794517, 'full');  
Non so se ci tornerei   showReview(20550728, 'full');  
un peu d茅cevant pour un 4 茅toiles   showReview(19647499, 'full');  
Tanto yo como mi acompa帽ante...   showReview(19868701, 'full');  
Chambres tr茅s mal insonoris茅es...   showReview(19868694, 'full');  
Somme toute pas mal   showReview(18526895, 'full');  
Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(18526894, 'full');  
hotel d'aspet un peu triste ,mais tres bien   showReview(16612974, 'full');  
El hotel es acogedor,esta...   showReview(16730342, 'full');  
Pulizia? No, grazie   showReview(15155971, 'full');  
Perfecta relaci贸n calidad-precio   showReview(11012197, 'full');  
da evitare   showReview(8464136, 'full');  
L'albergo viene spacciato per...   showReview(11405881, 'full');  
Hotel bello e pulito , manca...   showReview(11405880, 'full');  
Buen hotel, pero alejado   showReview(7800120, 'full');  
Me enamore de este hotel   showReview(7416626, 'full');  
Chambres mal insonoris茅es Tr猫s...   showReview(11405882, 'full');  
Difficilissimo da raggiungere e...   showReview(11405883, 'full');  
bon rapport qualite/prix   showReview(11340592, 'full');  
Struttura davvero piacevole e...   showReview(11405884, 'full');  
L鈥檋otel 猫 stato una mezza...   showReview(11405885, 'full');  
Buon rapporto qualit脿 prezzo...   showReview(11405886, 'full');  
