Good,Clean Stay Hi i stayed from dec 19 to 22.first i was confused to choose reseda area as its 20 to 30 min from holllywood.but luckily i choosed it . the room and bathroom was clean,neat and big enough.the reseda area is safe and has got supermarket,restaurant near by.everymorning the breakfast is served from 6:30 to 9:30 , is also good.overall i had a comfortable stay. 
Great Place For The Price Total shock on first visit, this is an older facility that has been totally remodeled to modern standards. The rooms are spacious and the warm colors give a real homey feeling. The rooms underwent 100% rennovation with all new plumbing fixtures, countertops, doors, carpet etc. The flat screen wall mounted t.v adds a nice finishing touch for today's decor. I have been staying here for the last month 3-4 days a week and will be staying here for at least the next two months. I highly recommend this place and it is comparable to any $125,00-$150.00 room elsewhere. You are only 20-25 minutes from downtown Los Angeles. 
Wow, great service, new renovated rooms, best inexpensive hotel ever Wow, amazing hotel, great service, great wifi, great everything. My room with a jacuzzi was newly renovated for only $110 a night, plus the a/c unit didnt make any noise while i was sleeping. The granite was enticing, and i loved everything. Best inexpensive hotel ive stayed at yet. 
super Super hotel, clean, good service 
You simply won't find a better value in the Los Angeles area All of the positive things written in the reviews below are entirely accurate. The room we stayed in was painted in warm peaceful earth tones that complemented the modern furnishings. The place itself clean, quiet and secure and we enjoyed the free wi-fi and flat panel television. The secured parking (your hotel key grants you access to a gated lot in the rear of the property) was an added bonus and certainly gave us piece of mind. The staff was every bit as friendly and informative as noted in the other reviews. Location: Reseda isn't the worst area, but it's not the best either. (SUV driving suburbanites probably wouldn't feel safe walking the neighborhood after dark.) All the same, it's conveniently located between the Ventura/101 freeway to the south and 405 to the east, about four miles or so from each. Hollywood, beaches, Universal Studios, all within a half-hour drive or so (depending upon traffic).Food and sundries: The complimentary continental breakfast was simple yet satisfying: oatmeal, muffins, danishes, bagels, cereal, juice and coffee. If you're seeking fast food, you'll find Carl's Jr., McDonald's, Wendy's and Burger King southwest on Sherman (the first major intersection to the south). As somebody else noted, there's a CVS pharmacy conveniently located right next door. Entertainment: There's an Albertson's on Saticoy (the first major intersection to the north), where you can rent Redbox DVDs, or, if you're not up for the drive, there's a small mom and pop shop across the street that will also let you rent DVDs, even if you're from out of state and just visiting (credit card or cash deposit required).Overall, this is the best value you'll find in the Los Angeles area. It's completely worth the drive. My personal thanks to the other reviewers here, whose reviews prompted to me to book the room in the first place. I was going to post some photos, but honestly, the ones that are posted -- like the reviews -- are entirely reflective of the place. 
Watch Yourself Here       PROOF: ACUTAL SIGN in Gated Lot 
Great experience What a great experience, from the moment we arrived! The staff was very pleasant and made our stay very comfortable. The rooms are newly renovated, and the two-room suite was perfect for the four adults in our party. It was a great deal for the price and a convenient location. We will definitely stay again when we are in the area. 
clean and new! My room was on the bottom floor. The room was clean and everything looks modern and great but there was an odd sound comming from the door or ceiling that was going on all night long for the two nights I stayed there and it was very annoying. It sounded like a really old house that makes those sorts of creeking and popping sounds. I will not be staying here ever again. 
What a gem! What a great find. This hotel is attractive inside and out. It has been recently renovated and it shows. The lobby was bright and pleasant and a waterfall behind the lobby added a nice touch. The rooms were very clean, spacious and the decor was very attractive. The flat screen tv carried more cable channels than most, and the rooms had refrigerators, coffee makers, ironing boards, a large desk with great chair and good sized bathrooms. But beyond this was the cheerfulness and friendliness of the staff. Everyone from the manager to the maintenance staff were friendly and very helpful. It actually felt like coming home. Everyone said hello and went out of their way to be helpful. I stayed during the recent LA fires and I discovered that some of the staff had to evacuate their homes. None of this affected their hospitality - in fact, if anything, it made them even more courteous. Add this to the extremely reasonable rates and the convenience to the 405 and 101 freeways and you have a gem! I for one will be returning and will recommend this hotel to all my friends. Do yourself a huge favor and choose this as a place to stay. 
good job for an older property the management has done a good job renovating and upgrading an older property; the room was clean and well organized; this is a reasonably priced and located smaller motel in the L.A. area. The surrounding neighborhood has a lot of options for dining and shopping, but the guest has to realize that this is Reseda, CA, so it is surrounded by busy city streets. I recommend it as a reasonable location for business travelers, but not necesarily for people with large families/parties or small children. 
Reall nice hotel !! I was looking for a nice not too expensive hotel in a safe area and I definitely found it. The room was clean with a flat TV screen and cable; the hotel itself was nice as well. And the last but not least, the parking is included so you never have to worried about finding a parking place. I will for sure stay here again. 
Best Price Best Service Include Everything No question and wait, it is best deal include all which possible you can find in city and be relax and enjoy your trip.I had a very good experience with them. 
Great Place to Stay This place is updated, clean, and spacious. The manager is also very helpfull and friendly. I changed my room 3 times(no fault of the hotel), and no one was annoyed, they just wanted me to be comfortable. There is a drug store next door and a small market on the other side. If you need to do laundry though you will have to go only about 3 blocks down to a very clean laundrymat. Nice flat screen TV. 
Great Hotel for a Great Deal!! Great Hotel! Our room was extremely clean and VERY modern with granite countertops and a flat screen TV. The staff was friendly and helpful. We will definitely be staying here again and again! 
We loved the Howard Johnson's in Reseda California We are from Miami and stayed at the Howard Johnson's on Reseda Boulevard for a week (through the Labor Day Holiday). We were pleasantly surprised. The hotel had been renovated recently and the rooms were clean, had flat screen t.v.s, free access to WiFI and the bathrooms even had granite countertops. The breakfast was adequate and helped stretch our budget, great for families. The staff was friendly and helpful (particularly a gentleman named Dave.) He was always smiling and assisted us in locating area beaches and malls (even providing maps and directions). The hotel was located near expressways and near plenty of fast food restaurants. We would stay there again. 
Best value in the area We decided to take a weekend road trip to LA and after a thorough search of hotels in the area, we found this hotel to be on the cheaper end of the spectrum. The only place I saw for cheaper (about $2 less per night) was the Motel 6... which doesn't come w/ breakfast. After reading the other TripAdvisor reviews, I figured that since the place has recently been remodeled, it'd be a great deal. And that turned out to be correct.The rooms looked very nice. I especially like the 3 ft fridge in the room so that we could keep our sodas cold and store our leftovers. The neighborhood isn't the best, but they do have a parking lot in the back that is kept pretty secure. I also liked the free breakfast because there was a decent selection -- apples, oranges, slices of bread and bagels to toast w/ cream cheese and jam, individual containers of cereal (raisin bran or frosted flakes), small danishes, and tasty muffins. For beverages they had coffee, tea, orange juice, apple juice, and milk.I think the most negative thing I can say about the place is that the doors in the room seem a little thin. We were easily able to hear people talking outside our room. Fortunately, we were very tired both nights, so we were still able to fall asleep pretty easily. 
Amazing Hotel for the Price We just got back from our 4 day stay at the Howard Johnson Reseda. After reading a few of the reviews, I was a little skeptical in booking a room. I was on a tight budget and decided to take the chance. We started our trip in Vegas and stayed at the Excalibur hotel and found it to be a dump. We then drove over to LA to finish our last leg of our vacation. We walked into the hotel and we were taken care of quickly and efficiently. The hotel staff also let us know that breakfast was being served every morning. The room was clean and looked rather new. It has an LCD TV and refrigerator as well. The hotel staff was friendly and polite and always kept our room clean. The hotel is also located next to a pharmacy which was convenient as well.All in all the stay here was amazing. The best bang for your buck!!! Highly recommended. 
Great Staff nice rooms We were traveling with 2 teens and stayed here for 2 nights The rooms were spacious and very clean flat screen TV great bathroomsFront staff were very helpful My only complaint was that while we were there their internet was not available.Breakfast was served till 10am it was the usual coffee,Tea,Juice, Toast,Bagels.......not anything to get excited about but its there if you want it-----our rate for 2 nights was $180inc 
Poor Customer Service Hotel LOOKS nice, but:Wifi internet doesn't work in all roomsHallways smelled Keys work about 1 out of 10 timesNo guestbook in roomsFront desk unhelpfulDirty bandaid sat by the pool for 2 daysHousekeeping left a pile of dirty sheets in our roomGood hotel for one night stays, not good for extended/week-long visits. 
Great Place!! Look No Further! This is a great hotel. Price and comfort! It is newly remodeled. Beds are good, Shower has large shower head with good water pressure. Flat Screen TV is super nice. Room is very spacious. Carpet is new, paint on walls are nice and a great sense of colors and decor. And the best thing is NO BUGS!! We paid a rate of $66.00 per night and it was great! We were close to all the attractions like, Six Flags Magic Mountain, Hollywood Blvd, Beverly Hills, Bel Air. About 15 miles to LAX airport. The area around the hotel is not hopping or exciting but if you are looking for a clean place to sleep and shower this is the place for you! It also has a refridgerator in it. Walgreens is next door, There is a grocery store about 2 blocks away, Jack in the Box and Wendy's are very close. So everything you would need is right there. Save yourself some money and stay here. Spend your money on entertainment. :) Happy Vacationing!!! 
Met Expectations This property has been renovated. While not in the newest area of LA it was convenient to our location in Encino. The staff was friendlhy and helpful. Rooms clean and quiet. The common areas were not very enticing but the value was excellent and all I was looking for was a good room. 
Very nice I needed to avoid the commute to and from Reseda for a conference. The stay was very nice. The room was beautiful and clean. The flat screen TV convenient. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. 
Wow Wow, what a pleasent surprise!!Came across this newly renovated property and we had a great experience. Rooms were very clean, spacious, new and very comfortable. Beds were fabulous.Staff very warm, met our every request.We enjoyed ourselves and will definately return. 
Excellent newly renovated rooms! I had stayed for 3 night in this newly renovated hotel, the feeling there is excellent! The large room with a desk good for working and a sofa for visitor. The large LCD TV and free fast wireless internet make my stay at home. I would recommend this hotel to both tourist and business traveller! 
Surprised but very pleased with service and room! I had read the previous reviews about the Howard Johnson and was quite concerned about staying there. We went ahead and booked for one night taking a gamble. When we arrived we were greeted quite pleasantly by the staff and they were quick to help us. They told us the hotel was under construction and to let them know if there was anything we needed. We liked the secure parking and found our room easily on the second floor. Not knowing what to expect when we opened the door after reading the reviews we breathed a sigh of relief. The room was brand new!!!!!!!!!!! Everything looked great right down to the new carpet and paint. The bathroom was absolutely beautiful with all the new fixtures and granite. The room was quiet though we did hear the trash truck the next morning. We had coffee, juice, bagels and donuts for breakfast. We liked the room/hotel enough to book the next night there. The staff is quick to help with directions and suggestions. I enjoyed my stay at the hotel as well as my family. We plan to stay there again when we go back in a few months. I think the new owner is doing a great job with the hotel and the staff. 
Awful! We booked a block of 20 rooms for guests attending a wedding nearby. The hotel was undergoing renovations, which they neglected to mention when reservations were made. The furnishings were falling apart (I'm not talking shabby but actually falling apart), many hair dryers, TV remotes and some telephones inoperable. Rubble in the corridors, the lobby was being painted and guests had to walk over drop cloths placed on the floor and hope they didn't get splattered by painter painting the ceiling. All in all a horrendous, not to say embarrassing, situation. Only bright spot was the staff who tried their best to handle an untenable situation. 
what a dump what a dump the soda had stains the chair in the room was ripped and the foam was showing. the toilet handle fell off the shower was stained the TV's had no remote the laminate on the counters were coming off as well as stained. i can go on and on. 
Update on Customer Reviews I sent an e-mail to the Howard Johnson organization but I doubt it will do any real good. The reply said they were unaware of the conditions and reading between the lines, they seemed to consider this as just another customer opinions and to contact the motel directly. 
Ottimo per il prezzo!   showReview(19872762, 'full');  
