Bad staff! Fineclean rooms, fine location but untrained  quiet irresponsible staff, especially the recepsionist named Juan! 
Delgihted with hotel Didn't know what to expect as first time in Barcelona but was met with friendly service, and a crisp clean modern room. Internet available in lobby, good location, no extra noise, and I even had a balcony. 
Basic, Clean, Modern  The Paral Lel hotel is in a great location and in reaching distance of all the main attractions either by metro (under ground train) or taxi (all within 7 euros). The hotel itself has good size rooms which are very clean, modern  have a tv and cheap mini bar. The staff and friendly and we had no problems checking in or out and the safe in the room was free of charge. I would definitly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona (also for those junk food lovers..... it's sandwich'd between a KFC  Pizza Hut!!!!) Have fun in Barcelona, its a beautiful city. Take a tour bus from Plaza Cataluna (not sure how to spell it!) for 20 euros it will take you to all the main sites and you can jump on and off where you please. 
clean, basic room, great location My friend and I stayed here last September. It was fabulously located and clean and no-frils. I say this is Barcelona on a budge for sure, but had all the basic ammenities. If you need somewhere located in the heart of the action that is clean, priced well then this is your place 
Basic but OK I stayed here for 3 nights in September while attending a conference in Barcelona. The hotel is very basic, but clean. Encountered no major problems though for 鈧?20 a night I would have expected something a little more modern. For example this hotel actually uses keys, not key cards. It's close to the metro so a good location to get around. Avenue Parallel isnt the most glamorous of areas of Barcelona so exercise some caution if you are out about at night. 
Solid hotel, reasonably located. While some of the reviews found issues with the Parallel, we found our stay here to be quite reasonable, and the staff helpful (though their English was variable from very good to a bit limited). Probaly the two biggest dislikes were the parking (which is across the street) is expensive (24 Euros/day), and they need to provide better instructions on how to get to their property, e.g., from the airport. (Take the train to Sants, switch to the subway.., though I forget which one, but it is obvious as you just go to the Parallel metro stop, or there is a direct bus: which they say take a bus, but provide no bus number. Providing the details would help A LOT!!!)On the plus side, the rooms were quite comfortable (even for three), as noted above the staff is quite helpful, and it is very well located. While it is not in the historical district, that is only a few short blocks away. The subway is two blocks away. The fruit market is a 5-10 minute walk. Getting to the beach takes 20 minutes. Reasonable resataurants are around. The train station is 10 minutes.For breakfast, there are some quite reasonable cafe's within a block that serve a solid breakfast. At night, the cafe's on the street behind the hotel is very popular with the locals, but if you do not get there by 10:30 pm (or so), it will be difficult to find a table outside. 
To Noisy... My friends and I stayed 2 nights there. Employees at front desk were very friendly and helpful. The room was ok...nothing to remember. The worst part of our stay was all the screaming and shouting we heard during the 2 days of our stay....specially because it woke us up several times. The breakfast service was better than what we expected...so we would recomende it. If you need a good hotel, in a good area and from this chain, I would recommend U232. 
Affordable, well-located hotel       Standard room - single size 
Nice hotel, quiet location I stayed in Parell with my mum for a few days before christmas last year. I was delighted with the value of the hotel and I wasn't disappointed with anything while we were there. The rooms were clean and tidy and although the hotel is close to the centre of Barcelona (about 10-15 minute walk) it is slightly off the main street which makes it a little bit quieter than any of the hotels on the main streets. The staff were very friendly and the free internet usage in the lobby was helpful for checking our flights before we left for the airport. A nice, clean and tidy budget hotel that I would recommend for a variety of travellers 
Very basic, but clean I just returned from a long weekend with my dad, brother and brother-in-law. We didn't really care about the hotel as long as it was cheap, clean, had single beds and was close to the city center. The hotel Paral-lel meets these requirements but nothing more than that. The rooms are very small, the beds rock-hard and the bathrooms look worn down. It was clean though and everything (tv, lights, shower) worked.There is no form of luxury whatsoever, so if you're looking to rest or have a romantic weekend, go elsewhere. Also the walls are pretty thin, you can hear most of the things your neighbours say. The airconditioning wasn't working (hot air only) so it got very warm in the room. We couldn't leave the windows open because of the noise of the Av. del Paral-lel nearby. With the windows closed the noise is bearable, it didn't bother us during the night.Breakfast was OK, nothing fancy but enough of everything. TV has only one English channel (SkyTV), the rest is Spanish and Catalan.The hotel is close to public transport (Paral-lel station just 200 meters away) and there are ATM's, bars and fastfood-restaurants around the corner.So a good hotel if you're out with friends and only use the hotel for sleeping, but I would'nt recommend it for anything else. 
Not that great... The way people rave about this hotel as being somewhat of a diamond in the rough my expectations were high. However, this hotel is as basic as they come in an off the beaten path non-touristy neighborhood. The only thing I will leave here liking is the price. The beds are hard as rocks and the bathroom looks out of the 1970s. Only one channel in English on the TV, too. The worst part by far is the paper thin walls. We could hear the people in the room next to ours clear conversations all through the night, on a weeknight at 3am. A call to reception did nothing. Additionally, I second the reviewer who said the front desk staff were lacking personalities. I know it's a 2 star hotel but I couldn't even get one of them to call our tour company to confirm our Montserrat tour the next day. He just pointed to a payphone and even as I returned several times to ask questions on how to dial from inside the city, etc. he had no answers. I got another staffer to agree to make the call for me later that day, I left all my info with him and he would call the room later today. Yeah, we never got that call. Overall, this place is ok for a quick break as long as you know you're getting no frills at all. From the view out our window at the apartment block next door's laundry and into their kitchens to the crusty bidet in the bathroom, it's not at all glamorous. I would not return. 
City of Pick Pockets Very basic hotel, room cleaned daily, no facilities though. Reception staff came across as if they were about to be shot at dawn....... No personallities. Got robbed on my first day and when they were told they acted as if they didn't give a toss. 
location location location I received a decent special rate for this hotel. Compared to other hotels that I stayed at during my November 2007 trip to Spain, this was one of the more expensive, outdone by our hotel in Madrid (by 10 euro per night- for a 4 star). Barcelona is nice, it was cold and such, I missed out on the beach. I left feeling that the people of barcelona are as cold as the weather, and Im a native new yorker-but I think New Yorkers are the most friendly people in the world. Anyway, this is a decent hotel, great location 10 mins walk to the harbor, and Ramblas, 15 mins walk to L'Example and/or 2 stops on the 2 metro. I did the bus tour for 20 euro buy at the hotel, walk to the colon monument, hop on hop off, it was nice. the hotel is basic, did not do the breakfast, cause there are many options outside. Eat at Pollo Rico in the Raval, very local and very cheap. This hotel has free internet service in rooms and one computer in lobby. Service was very nice, the rooms basic with a safe, ikea style furniture, clean bathroom and some rooms have patios. The only complaint was people smoke in the hallways, but this is Europe so keep in mind they blow smoke in your face everywhere you go. Beds comfortable, could use another pillow but just fold yours in half. Staff nice, cleaning crew nice, mini bar doubles as your fridge and everything you need is within walking distance and the metro 2 and 3 lines are 1 blk away. Get your goods at the Condi grocery 1/2 blk away and you get water, snacks and wine there at better prices than the bodegas in the neighborhood. People complain about the neighborhood but I felt safe walking by myself at 2 am. It is totally fine. For the price great value and clean. 
FAB for Barcelona on a budget! I stayed here with my boyfriend on a 3 night break. We got a ridiculously cheap deal - less than 拢30 per night for a double room, and were a bit apprehensive about staying in a 2-star hotel. However, it was a fantastic experience! Nice modern decor, spotlessly clean, good bath and shower, and although not huge, not cramped in the slightest. The mirrored wardrobe covering one entire wall of the room was a little disturbing at first, but fab for getting ready and for, um, romantic getaways!! The staff were very friendly, and it's in a great location, a stone's throw from the metro and not far from any of the main attractions of the city - in fact, we walked everywhere at night to avoid paying for taxis after the metro shut! Mini-bar is also a nice touch. Only problem we had was the fact that our 'double bed' was actually 2 singles pushed together, and they didn't always stay together! Apparently this is pretty standard practice on the continent though? Overall an Excellent choice if you're doing Barcelona on a budget. With Easyjet flights we had a 4 day break for 拢150 each. 
Good choice The staff at reception were extremely friendly at all times and spoke excellent English. For various reasons I had 3 rooms in the 4 nights I stayed there. The room on the 1st floor looking to the street was rather loud, not only because of traffic but because of a shop downstairs playing music all day until 20:30. The rooms facing the back of the building are quiet.The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are extremely clean and functional, and there are even toiletries in the bathroom, but no hair drier. In the lobby you can use the internet free of charge for up to 30 minutes. We found it to be a good location, as there is a Metro station just a few metres away, and the walk to the port and to the Ramblas area is only about 10 minutes.I would definitely recommend this hotel, but would make sure I get a quiet room next time. 
very clean hotel with helpful staff We stayed at the Para.lel hotel at the beginning of October for a long weekend. We found the hotel to be of a good standard for a 2 star hotel. Rooms were very clean and towels were changed every day, you also had a free safe in the room. Breakfast was very good with lots of choices. We found the reception staff very helpful. Our room was a bit on the small side but as we were out and about all day, didn't really bother us. The cleanliness of the room was excellant. We would definately stay here again. Area is a bit run down but didn't feel threatened in anyway. On our last day we left our bags and went off for the day, however on the way back the heavens opened and we were soaked, the guy on reception went off to fetch us some towels, also phoned us a taxi, as we had already checked out this extra service was much appreciated. 
Great Value Hotel I was nervous about going to this hotel. Some of the reviews I'd read and pictures I saw made me think it would be ok but others weren't so good and I was still worried. I need not have been. Yes, it's not the four star hotel that I would normally look to stay in for a week or more's holiday, but it more than deserves it's two stars, to be honest, I would happily give it three. Arrival and check in was quick and painless, the reception staff were very efficient and spoke good English - particular thanks to Fran who was a very helpful young man indeed. We found our room to be very pleasant indeed, sadly it smelt of smoke but it wasn't bad enough for us to feel that we needed to switch rooms. Yes there were small things that some travellers might have taken photos of and posted on here, a bit of plaster missing from the corner of the concrete post in between the beds for instance, but frankly, for a two star hotel, it was more than adequate. The rooms were exceptionally clean and had everything we needed for a weekend - no tea/coffee making facilities but there was a mini-bar if you don't mind paying mini-bar prices. There were even toiletries in the bathroom which I'm not sure you'd expect to find in a two star property? There was a safe in the spacious wardrobe. Beds and pillows were very comfortable indeed and the rooms had air conditioning. I'd read some reviews that said this hotel wasn't in a very good location for eating out. Well, it is in easy walking distance of everything I can think you'd need. An easy 10 minutes to the Bus Turistic stop by the marina for instance, 10 minutes to La Rambla and about 20 to 30 minutes to the fountains (yes we walked it there and back!). There are places to eat within a couple of minutes walk and we felt safe even when we were walking around late at night (two female travellers!). It's a great place to stay if you wish to visit the two theatres in Ave Parallel as they're only about 5 mins max walk. The breakfast room seemed a lot smaller than I'd expected but was never more than half full and served a very acceptable continental style breakfast. There's not a bar in the hotel but there is a luggage room if you need it - which we did! I couldn't fault the hotel or it's staff and I would definitely consider staying there again should I return to Barcelona! 
Clean and helpful Just spent a few days in Barcelona. Stayed at Parallel Hotel. Had read reviews on Tripadvisor and was fairly confident that we would be satisfied with hotel. We found the location to be very convenient, the staff very helpful and friendly, the room very clean and well furnished and the variety and amount of food available at breakfast very good. Thoroughly recommend. 
good hotel good hotel, clean rooms, i had a room on the main street on the 1st floor it was bit noisy but i didn't mind about. helpfull staff speaking english 
location,location ,location I will certainly be staying in this hotel again. As a woman travelling on her own, i found it so easy to find with the directions on the hotel web site. The hotel was spotlessly clean, plenty of towels soap shower gel shampoo, tissues, even shoe cleaning materials. You could order meals to your room if you so choose.I did not use the bar in the room but it was an added bonus if you needed anything.Staff were very frindly and could speak english. I did not even have to ask for my room key, the young gentleman who booked me in automatically knew me and handed me my key. He had long dark hair, and always seem to be smiling, lovely guy. Metro station was circa 100yds away, and was so handy for going into the main tourist area. There was a lovely little square to sit in ajacent to the hotel where you could sit and do some people watching.I left the hotel in the morning and did not go back to it until midnight, so it suited my needs, which were (somewhere to sleep)My whole expereince was wonderful and I would recommend this hotel to anyown, and I will return. 
Bad staff !! Poor service !!! JUST DON`T STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!! bad customer service .. and when i booked for a twin bed room .. they gave me three beds in double room and the place was full of bed and even we cant walk or open our bags ... the air condition was totally out of order you just can hear the sound of AC... the most terrible thing is the bad staff and poor service quality ..!!but the rooms clean and the location good at least near to the Ramblas street ...!! 
basic in barcelona I stayed here for two nights with my extended family. Rooms are basic but clean and the hotel represents reasonable value for money. The area the hotel is in is a bit 'down at heel' but it is convenient for sightseeing. I would however have felt uncomfortable coming back to the hotel alone after dark. My only gripe is the hotel's reception staff who were a touch on the rude side for my liking. 
Great hotel       Romm 303 
Great location and value for money Stayed for two nights and the location was ideal. We were able to walk to most attractions but the metro was also close by and easy to use. The staff were friendly and the room was very clean. We consider this hotel great value for money and a good base for exploring Barcelona. 
Clean, affordable, central and decent 2 star hotel Definitely a clean, affordable, central and decent 2 star hotel for Barcelona. The metro is a 2 minute walk away and La Rambla a 10 minute walk away. The rooms are clean, basic, with satellite TV and a free safe (which we ended up forgetting our code and had to get reception to open it up for us, very efficient). The rooms get cleaned and towels changed everyday, even if you don't put the make my room sign up outside your door.The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, speaking English, Italian, German... you name the language!The breakfast is good with good coffee, cakes, cereal and yogurts.I have only 3 negative things to say:1) You don't have double beds, but rather two single beds placed side by side (a shame when you're sharing with your loved one!).2) The walls are thin and you can hear the noises from the room next door clearly.3) The area has a slight 鈥渙utskirts鈥?feel, with few people around and a bit dirty (but within a few minutes walk you鈥檙e in a decent area).Generally though a very good hotel for the 2 stars and for its location. I鈥檇 definitely recommend it to my own friends. 
Clean hotel in a good location Four of us stayed in this clean, simple hotel in April. The hotel Paral.lel is part of the Nunez Narrvao hotel chain, of which it is one of their mid-range budget places to stay. The rooms were spacious and very clean with satellite TV, a mini-bar and safe. Breakfast and room service were available at an extra cost, but we decided to eat out for breakfast at local cafes. The staff spoke English well (if your Spanish is not that good!) and were very friendly and helpful. Good location - 5 min walk from Paral.lel Metro (which is then a 10 min ride to La Rambla) and the funicular which takes you up to the hill. Also, a fantastic restaurant nearby called Elche. All in all, highly recommend this hotel if you're ok with no frills, a good price and good location just outside of the main centre. Would stay again. 
Good, clean and in convenient place Great hotel, very very clean. Very nice staff. Free wireless internet in rooms. There was no problem when I wanted to change room. Single rooms are quite small but still comfortable.Some rooms (on 5th floor) have very nice balconies. Rooms with windows going out on avenue Parallel are little bit loud.I recommend it 
EXCEPTIONALLY CLEAN HOTEL CLOSE TO RAMBLAS I performed extensive research before booking this particular hotel because I wanted to make sure to obtain the best value for the money. This is a great little hotel (more like an apartment). The staff is very friendly (some more knowledgeable than others) and the rooms are very comfortable and exceptionally clean with spacious beds. The rooms are small, but well apportioned for Europe. If you can find a better deal, I challenge you to share. I recommend this hotel to anyone who is not a snub like most people I know!!!! One word of caution: BARCELONA IS A VERY NOISY CITY NO MATTER WHERE YOU STAY, UNLESS YOUR HOTEL IS FAR FROM THE ACTION. 
Absolutely faultless hotel! We are a well-travelled couple in our early 50's and we stayed 4 nights at the Parallel along with our 23 year old son the week before Xmas. Our rooms were spotless, beautifully appointed, warm and included Sky TV and a personal safe, both of which were free. We also had free internet access in the hotel lobby. Every single member of staff was conscientious, helpful and friendly. The breakfast buffet offered a fantastic choice and was available until 10.30 each day. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who appreciates quality and value for money. It also offers really easy access to the Ramblas, the sea, Montjuic and the underground system. Can't praise it enough and we'll be back!!!!! 
Great hotel but not very Spanish       Free internet access from the Lobby computer 
so convienient and super friendly! I stayed in this hotel with my friend whilst enjoying the sights and sangria in Barcelona before moving on to our next location - was a fantastic place to stay. Very clean and basic which is exactly what you need when you are just beaching and travelling and drinking your way around the city!If you are looking for luxury then it is just a basic need kind of place but still more than enough for a convienient and nice stay in a hotel.The staff were more than friendly and were always willing to help me out with directions considering my poor spanish! We also came back to the hotel from nights out at all hours and they were more than friendly at 6am! Only problem we had was hearing the dogs that were next door crying becasue their owners had left them whilst they went out - not very likely to happen again though so proves this hotel is worth your while! Enjoy La Ramblas! :) 
Very Clean Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Parallel hotel in Barcelona. Had a fantastic time. Was pleasantly surprised when the cab stoped at the Parallel. We walked in the clean and friendly reception area, checking in was easy and we only had to wait about 2mins until we were given our keys.We were given room 110, it was on the corner so we got a nice view of the street outside. Sometimes it was abit noisy at night but nothing to worry about really!. The room was Very clean, the bed was nice and the bathroom was really nice too!. It was a spacious enough room with a tv, mini bar and safe. The rest of the hotel i.e hallways etc were also very clean.There was a breakfast room but me and my boyfriend decided to go out for brekky in the local cafes.The reception staff were helpful, they let us have a map and marked off where the hotel was so we could always find it, and they were happy to order us a cab when we needed one. The Parallel is about a 10-15min walk to the Las Ramblas.Overall, I would stay here again, nice clean hotel with everything you could need, much more like a 3star than 2star! 
I keep coming back ,,, Been here twice and would certainly stay here againThe Parallel is a clean basic friendly hotel about 10 mins walk from Las Ramblas. If you want luxury I wouldn't stay here but if you're on a budget you can't do betterHelpful staff - Rooms spotless as are bathrooms Area looks a little run down but have never had problems and have returned to the hotel at all hours (midnight  well into the early hours) They have triple rooms - superb  removes the need for one of a group to room aloneLots of typical local bars  cafes nearby - great for breakfast, coffee or something stronger 
Value for money Great stay if you expect the your basic needs to be in order. The only downside was the fact that the staff said the airco wouldnt be switched on before may and it was allready pretty warm in april. Would go there again for a future stay! 
Excellent basic hotel Spent six nights at the Parallel in Sept/Oct 2005Excellent fairly basic hotel, similar to a Travelodge in UK terms. Clean rooms and very friendly and helpful staff.Fifteen to twenty minute walk to Ramblas or a short hop to the Metro station across the road.Lack of an inhouse bar disappointing but as there are plenty of local bars and cafe's nearby not a major problem.Good breakfast if included in your deal. 
Nightmare My daughter and I were there September 22, 2005. We planned to stay for 7 nights however, after the second night we were out of there. The hotel is nice and clean but the walls are paper thin and you can hear everything in the next rooms. Let me not mention the rock hard mattress. We didn't sleep the first two nights because of all the noise in the next room, all night long. They don't have a business center as they claim, only a single computer in the lobby. They make you pay $8 Euros for an terrible breakfast. The location is in a bad, dirty area and very dangerous to walk at any time of day. Its also a hike to the Ramblas or oceanfront. It totally sucks! We checked out after the third night and ended up at a nice place for $40 Euros more, Hotel Pulitzer, which is located dead center of Placa Cataluna. It's walking distance to everything! Perfect little hotel, with free internet access, great staff and yummy breakfast! Very safe! Totally worth it! If you are looking to staying somewhere safe with easy access to everything don't stay here, stay at Hotel Pultizer or look for a place near Las Ramblas or Placa Catatluna! 
Good value   showReview(3935988, 'full');  
Great Hotel!   showReview(3751717, 'full');  
Good location   showReview(3618912, 'full');  
Pleasant Surprise   showReview(3529945, 'full');  
Recommend this Hotel   showReview(3370398, 'full');  
Met my basic needs   showReview(3365776, 'full');  
Value for Money    showReview(3324677, 'full');  
Value for money   showReview(2982202, 'full');  
Small and Basic   showReview(2837052, 'full');  
Clean and basic accomodations   showReview(2226021, 'full');  
Bellissiomo++++   showReview(22603992, 'full');  
Excelente Hotel en Barcelona...   showReview(22599822, 'full');  
Me encanto Paral.l   showReview(21042611, 'full');  
Non per chi 猫 scrupoloso in fatto di pulizia   showReview(19636364, 'full');  
Hotel id茅alement plac茅 脿 deux...   showReview(18522114, 'full');  
Altamente recomendable   showReview(17913643, 'full');  
Tr猫s bien plac茅, mais un peu decevant.   showReview(18529318, 'full');  
Sicuramente positivo   showReview(18529317, 'full');  
gerne wieder   showReview(17436176, 'full');  
Gerne wieder!   showReview(17436181, 'full');  
sehr zu empfehlen!   showReview(17436175, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(17436174, 'full');  
Gutes Preis- Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(16597991, 'full');  
gerne wieder   showReview(16597990, 'full');  
Sehr nettes Personal...   showReview(16731662, 'full');  
Gutes Hotel Lage eher unattraktiv   showReview(15567493, 'full');  
tr茅s bien plac茅 et confortable   showReview(15567492, 'full');  
empfehlenswert   showReview(15567487, 'full');  
tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(15567486, 'full');  
Sehr gut f眉r 2 Sterne   showReview(15567485, 'full');  
Je conseille cet hotel pour le rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(14726905, 'full');  
Sehr zufrieden und zu empfehlen   showReview(14726904, 'full');  
S茅jour en famille mi f茅vrier...   showReview(14650115, 'full');  
Zentral, sauber, unkompliziert   showReview(13983049, 'full');  
Zentral gelegen und preiswert   showReview(13197673, 'full');  
J'ai pass茅 3nuits dans cet...   showReview(13307970, 'full');  
Mi sono trovata benissimo...   showReview(13163358, 'full');  
L'hotel 猫 esattamente come...   showReview(13163356, 'full');  
Bien situ茅 par rapport aux centres d'int茅r锚t de la ville   showReview(13197665, 'full');  
soddiscecente   showReview(18529320, 'full');  
L'hotel 猫 molto buono, vicino...   showReview(11417003, 'full');  
Consiglio questo Hotel,ottima 猫...   showReview(11417004, 'full');  
tolle Lage   showReview(11658687, 'full');  
Jederzeit zu empfehlen!   showReview(11658686, 'full');  
sehr gutes Preis - Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11658685, 'full');  
Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11658683, 'full');  
Sono stato ospite del paralel...   showReview(11417005, 'full');  
Netter Schlafplatz f眉r Touristen   showReview(11658684, 'full');  
Sicuramente buona la...   showReview(11417006, 'full');  
La sua posizione 猫 ottima per...   showReview(11417009, 'full');  
Hotel ottimo gurdando il...   showReview(12648747, 'full');  
Ottimo viaggio e ottimo l'hotel   showReview(11417008, 'full');  
L'hotel 猫 posizionato a 15...   showReview(11417007, 'full');  
Rapporto qualit脿/prezzo molto...   showReview(11417011, 'full');  
Come da descrizione,ottimo...   showReview(11417010, 'full');  
Ottimo albergo (superiore alle...   showReview(11417013, 'full');  
Hotel molto carino stanze...   showReview(11417012, 'full');  
W眉rde es jederzeit wieder buchen   showReview(11446060, 'full');  
Sch枚nes, gut gef眉hrtes Hotel in bester Lage   showReview(11446059, 'full');  
Sauber, guter Service - und von dort ist alles gut erreichbar   showReview(11446058, 'full');  
ottimo rapporto qualita' prezzo   showReview(8203039, 'full');  
Lo consiglio a tutti veramente...   showReview(12650886, 'full');  
Une bonne adresse 脿 conna卯tre   showReview(11426356, 'full');  
Ottima sistemazione a due passi...   showReview(11417015, 'full');  
Gerne wieder, da sehr zentral   showReview(11426355, 'full');  
war okay   showReview(11426354, 'full');  
L'albergo 猫 carino 猫 l'offerta...   showReview(11417014, 'full');  
Posizione buona, personale...   showReview(11417016, 'full');  
kann man weiterempfehlen   showReview(11426353, 'full');  
zentrumsnah und sauber   showReview(11406220, 'full');  
El hotel est谩 bien situado, no...   showReview(11417001, 'full');  
Sehr sauberes Hotel mit...   showReview(11417017, 'full');  
Kann ich bestens empfehlen.   showReview(11406219, 'full');  
L'hotel si trova a 10 minuti, a...   showReview(11417018, 'full');  
L'hotel paral lel est bien...   showReview(11417019, 'full');  
Tr猫s bon accueil, proximit茅 du...   showReview(11417021, 'full');  
Agr茅able mais bruyant   showReview(11386803, 'full');  
Hotel molto carino, camere...   showReview(11417002, 'full');  
H么tel tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11386802, 'full');  
Ottimo hotel. Buono il rapporto...   showReview(11417022, 'full');  
Die offenheit und...   showReview(11417023, 'full');  
Einfach sch枚n   showReview(11376438, 'full');  
Sauberes Stadthotel in der N盲he der Rambla   showReview(11354457, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(11354456, 'full');  
Gerne wieder, aber nicht unbedingt am Wochende   showReview(11354454, 'full');  
Empfehlenswert   showReview(11354455, 'full');  
3 nuit茅es 脿 Barcelonne; tr猫s...   showReview(11417025, 'full');  
Buon rapporto qualit脿/prezzo...   showReview(11417024, 'full');  
h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 dans barcelone   showReview(11337249, 'full');  
Das Zimmer wr f眉r ein 2*-Hotel...   showReview(11417026, 'full');  
