Should know how to clean the room better...it's not a bar! This is the hotel for the youngsters who love to take a strike down in kuta beach, do some shopping, have some nightlife, get smashed and your room is just next door.I like the set up of the room, simple and modern with a good lighting. Although I found the room was very dusty. I had to pay for the hotel slippers and laundry bag. They make it like it's a souvenir of Hardrock instead of just a hotel amenities. I found it rather capitalize than accommodating...The service was ok. Location was good for tourists though, near by the mall, the markets, the good local restaurants (oh I haven't start yet about the restaurants in Bali, but don't worry I will!). I wouldn't recommend the beach to my friends though. Too crowded and dirty... JUst stay on their beach-like pool, better than the actual beach...If you still interested to stay there, please make sure that the staff clean it before you're checking in. Especially if you have allergies like me... 
Nice hotel but expensive Stayed at the hard rock with friends from the 13th dec to the 23rd dec, rooms are very clean we stayed at the back of the hotel which was away from the noise with the bands playing, this did not bother us but if you have a famliy you might want to ask for a room away from the main area. Staff were friendly and George at the front counter was very helpful when we needed to get a doctor. The drinks and food are very expensive you need to add ++ on to everything, the boys spent a few hours at the pool bar on day and it came to $100aus worked out to be about $8.00 for a hot beer. Breakfast has good selection but can get busy. Pool area is huge and i would say is the best assest of this hotel. We went out to eat everynight so cant comment of the food at night. Bands at hotel are ok but you get a better night out at the Bounty or other clubs. The only thing we were a little shocked about was the lack of Australians at the hotel seemed to be people from Singapore, Malaysia and othe asia countries. Overall we still had fun on our hoilday but would not rush back to the Hardrock Hotel, would go back to the Dynstay where its cheaper and has a great atmosphere. 
Please stay here! We stayed here as our flight was cancelled and were stranded for 3 days.. This was the most amazing hotel we have ever stayed in.The beach is across the road, breakfast each morning was a massive selections of different foods, even had vegemite!!! You could get room service from the HRC..They had a recording studio in the hotel where you could make your own cd, maybe not everyone's cup of tea but for karaoke enthusiasts was a great afternoon spent away from the heat.It is very near to the shops and tourist vendors who sell you day trips.The pool has to be swum in to be believed, beach volleyball, swim up bar, spas, bungalows that you can jump from into the pool- it is apparently the biggest pool in Bali..We paid $120 USD per night for 2 people incl breakfastDefinitely would stay here again 
Nice Hotel, Great Service My wife and I stayed at the Hard Rock Bali for 3 nights in early November. We really enjoyed the hotel and the service was excellent. The location is good for shopping and the beach is right across the street. My wife commented to me that this hotel would perfect for younger people or singles looking to hit the nightlife. If your on your honeymoon and looking for peace and tranquility, then this hotel is not for you. I did a ton of research before we booked and I thought that 3 days would be a good amount of time to spend in Kuta. We then spent the remainder of our trip at a hotel in Jimbaran. The balance of the two places was perfect.The pool was large and very nice. We enjoyed lounging at the pool and even had a pool side romantic dinner, which was good. The breakfast buffet was good but very busy. It didn't matter what time we got there, it was packed. We also did a couples massage which was fantastic. The rooms are good sized but do need some updating. Also, the walls are paper thin so you can hear anyone talking outside of your room in the hallways. It didn't bother us, but I did notice it. Overall we had a good time at the Hard Rock. I would return in the future. 
Love their service and enviroment Me and my boyfriend, my younger sis and her hubby first time going to a trip together. We stay at the hotel for 3 nights, the hotel enviroment was very nice with very tight security, staff was very polite. The swimming pool was really big, But one thing that we wasn't happy was that w arrived there in the morning as its too early so we can't check in to the hotel. So we waited at the lobby hopefully they can help us to do a early check in and indeed the reception staff was very good she give us 1 room first so that we can check in to rest for a while and get changed. Nearby the hotel has a lot of shops for us to do shopping, Please don't go to the shop just 2 steps away from the kentucky fried chicken restaurant. i think the shop is called Rusty or Volcom. when i was about to pay for a tshirt that i really like, I found some stain on the collar and so I ask the staff to get me a new piece and she wasn't very happy and use indonesian language to talk to her collegue saiding something bad about me. My boyfriend saw it and wasn't happy so my boyfriend drag me out of the shop and said don't buy since they not happy getting a new piece for me. The staff there is really very rude, please don't go to that shop to have the same bad experience like me. For massage you can go to the one next to a coffeehouse just another few steps away from kentucky fried chicken restaurant. their massage is good and cheap service also good. At night after all the shop is closed nothing for you to do you can go to their central stage to have a drink and listen to the songs that the liveband sang, the liveband is really good. I really like the hotel and place will go back there again. 
Hard Days Night       Great during the day but noisy at night 
Good Location, nice big pool ... basic rooms       Bathtub and shower in Std Room 
Loved the Pool, Excellent Location for Kuta Stayed during Oct 2008 with my wife. One of the best pool areas I have seen in a 4 star property. Great location, Kuta beach is right across the street. When I say the beach, I am talking about the crowded and dirty part of the beach, though. The rooms were a disappointment. Looked like a cheap motel room. I think thats the look they are going for. The television set was mounted on the wall like a hospital room. They were renovating some rooms near us, and while the noise was minimal at night, the smell of paint was all over the place.Also, don't book any activities from the hotel. We booked a morning of parasailing and it was one of the worst expeiernces of our lives. We were taken to a rundown place in Nusa Dua, with rundown equipment and had to go through a really agonizing sales pitch to try some more watersports. Waste of a morning.My recommendation, if you plan to spend most of the timeoutside, on the beach etc. (which you should if you are in Bali) stay in one of the cheaper hotels littered around the kuta beach area. You can use the hard rock pool by paying 100,000 rupiah anyways if you want to. 
My Family loved it! I stayed for 2 days and we loved the pool, friendly staffs (specially Nayra - hope I get his name right) who remembered our names and helped us in all arrangements on transfers and tours. Bought my parents along and they have no problems walking around the area outside the hotel as there are plenty of food joints and shopping. The corridors looks newly-painted and the rooms are clean. Only complaint is the steps at the back exit of Centrestage leading to the toliets are misleading. The last step is in white tiles which is the same colour as the floor. I have missed that step and sprained my ankle. The staff were very attentive (even the cleaner) and provided ice to ease the pain immediately. 
cried the whole time i was there i did not enjoy this hotel it was noisy, crowded, breakfast was inedible, rooms tiny.I felt as though i wasted my time in Bali 
Unique concept from other hotels       Bedroom 
thing twice for me staying at hardrock is 50:50, we stay there for 3 night n 2days from 9 - 12 oct 2008,the pool was cool especially the cabana.. woow.. my daughter loves it so much..but the room was very disappointed. me and my husband was expecting to high.. the price is to much for room like that..if you looking for hotel with nice and cozy room hardrock bali is not the one.if you looking for facility , hospitality and location at kuta hardrock is number one... 
Hard Rock - great! We recently returned from Bali and had 5 nights at Hard Rock Hotel with our 15yr daughter/12yr old son. We had a Superior room with 2 x king size beds. Basically a nice hotel room, not a lot of room but did the job, couldn't have spent much longer in it though. However, pool more than made up for it. Best pool we have ever seen anywhere, kids had a ball. Never had a problem getting a lounge, one day we rented a cabana for $14 (hotel dicount voucher), normally about $20. This was fantastic, had 2 day beds, ceiling fan, phone (for ordering meals/drinks), lovely relaxing day, Need to book this few days in advance though and wish we had booked one for other days even if we weren't there the whole time. Towels for pool are provided Great location if Kuta is your thing, very close to shops and restaurants, used laundry in Poppies Lane, hotel laundry expensive. Breakfast was magnificent, plenty of variety and never had to wait for a table despite going different times each day. Reception Manager and staff were fantastic and organised transfers to our villa after 5nights and gave us late checkout so we could watch AFL Grand Final on our last day there. Got invited one night to cocktail party, was free drinks and lovely nibblies for an hour - took full advantage of that! Put kids to bed one night after dinner and came back down to listen to band  have more drinks, great band each night but drinks pricey. We bought lunch couple of times from the bakery, great salad rolls for about $3-$4, only needed half each  we took them to pool with us.Rooms were cleaned daily and bottles of water supplied, once we explained we had 4 people, not 2, we then got 4 towels replenished each day. Didn't use the spa facilities, bit pricey compared to out on the street. We did Waterbom from here (walking distance) and Bali Baik Ride so had 2 full days out. Would we stay again? - only if it moved to different location LOL. Kuta way too busy for us but loved the hotel and facilities. 
Amazing Hotel All those travelers heading to Bali you MUST stay at the Hard Rock Hotel, what a place. The Staff are soo friendly and are always there if you need anthing! The Hotel rooms are great. We stayed in the Delux room for just over 2 weeks and I couldn't have asked for anything else. The Pool is amazing and I have to mention the Pool Bar, I think we were down there every day enjoying it all. The night life was great if you couldn't be bothered heading into Kuta you could just park up at the centre stage for a great night out. The Food by the pool was great for us Aussies something different to try everyday.We are heading back to the Hard Rock in just 2 weeks time! We can't wait!! 
Another amazing stay at Hard Rock Bali Stayed at hard Rock Kuta Bali late August for 4 nights. Been there for quite a few times and found it's still the same old HR Hotel we love. Booking made through hotel website, easy and fast. Got the package that included additional breakfast for children and airport transfer. A good deal. Airport pick-up was fast and efficient. Check-in was a breeze, the staff very polite and helpful. Since we've been here a couple times, they already have my data in their system that makes check-in extra fast! Also a welcome card from the hotel manager was in our room to greet us. Looks like they valued their loyal customers here. Breakfast was the usual crowded affair, however we've always been able to get seats. Food selection is very good, and gets replenished regularly. However the ratio of staff to customers in the restaurant that seems to be on the low side. It takes a long time to get your tea or coffee refilled, since they always seems to ran out of it every couple of minutes. The huge swimming pool was very nice with a sandy beach section and swim-up bar, sand volleyball court and daily activities, and their staff around the pool were as helpful and courteous as always. The cabanas around the pool are just as amazing as we remembered. You can lounge around and relax in there for a whole day in between taking dips in the swimming pool's crystal clear warm water. Food service from the poolside bar is quite fast and tasty. Last year my daughter and I took surfing lessons from the hotel's surfing school. This time we have another go at it and the same people who helped us last year were there to help us having fun on the beach, teaching us new tricks and encouraging us to try some new variations. The bar at the entrance of the hotel, the Centerstage, has a nightly performances by some very good bands. The atmosphere is very relaxed, and it's a great place to just chill in the evening after the children were put in bed. The Hard Rock Cafe is attached to the hotel's swimming pool. The food selection is good and they come in big portions. The best thing to do for lunch there is to dine al fresco in the back patio overlooking the pool. If you want variation, a few steps from the hotel there are gazillions of restaurants and eateries around the place. There are some convenience stores very close to the hotel in case you need additional snack and/or drink. Looks like the hotel tried to add 'funky' gimmicks to attract customers. This year they have just added a wallclimbing facility to the list of their things to do in the hotel. We didn't use the facility at this time, but plan to the next time we're there. Check out was done very fast, the airport transfer left on time and the driver was very helpful with all our luggage (which had expand and even gave birth to some other bags).We've seen quite some familiar faces among the staff from our previous visits. It seems that the management did a good job of retaining a very happy staff, and in turn they are going out of their way trying to please their customers! Staff at the Deli even let us use the internet for free at one time after we bought some ice cream. 
great and lovely hotel Stayed 4 nites at this hotel last June with my family on holiday trip and we loved it so much. The pool area is huge and got several swimming pool and also white sand volley ball court. The location is very great as it's close to famous Kuta beach, shopping area and Starbuck cafe is nearby. The room is quite nice eventhough it's very simple but the best part is the room we stayed had two full size bed which is good for two kids and two adults. Definetely we will stay at this hotel again as we love Bali very much and can't wait to go back there again next summer. 
Pool area  but overall experience left a lot to be desired My friends and I (6 of us) decided on the Hard Rock for 3 reasons - a good past experience, its location in Kuta and its wonderful pool area. The location and pool area were great and just what we remembered, but somehow the overall experience this time left a lot to be desired. Firstly, our check-in was a total screw up. We had booked via a travel website and gotten confirmed reservations (paid for in advance 3 - 4 months before via credit card). Three days before we arrived, we called to inform them our flight comes in late (10+pm) AND to confirm our room reservations (2 king rooms) AND that they will hold our rooms. They assured us over the phone that everything was confirmed. All seemed fine until we arrived. First, we were told that they were almost at full occupancy and there were no rooms (!!!!???). When we pointed out that we had confirmed reservations and paid in FULL and had called to confirm everything was in order, the reception clerk then backpaddled and said - oh, we have one room, but it is a suite and all of you will have to share the bed for one night, then check out the next day and check in again for your confirmed rooms. But I can't guarantee that you will get the rooms you booked. This was obviously something we do not expect or should accept from any establishment. When we pointed out we had booked 2 rooms and 5 - 6 adults couldn't possibly share ONE bed in ONE room, the guy then changed his tune AGAIN and said, How about some of you take the Suite and check again tmrw for a king room, and the rest can get their rooms? We refused to budge, as by this time, his stories were getting stranger and he started to offer all sorts of different options which he had insisted earlier on were not available. None of the options obviously were what we had booked. After we stood our ground for a good 15 - 20 mins and insisted on getting what we had paid for (which were 2 king rooms), they suddenly became available once we asked to see the general manager. It was terrible being welcomed in friendly Bali this way and the first time that any of us had experienced any sort of really bad service in Bali. It really left a bad taste in our mouths and made us determine NEVER to return to the Hard Rock again despite our love for their pool area. Having said that, to be fair, the pool area and cabanas are really great and the service staff there were wonderful. As our flight out of Bali was at 10pm, the staff also told us we could use the spa toilets to shower after we had checked out, which was nice since we could use the hot tubs and cold plunge pool in the spa too. The pool was large enough for everyone and has a good swim-up pool bar. However, on a few days, there were not enough deck chairs and people had to spread their towels on the floor!! The toilets at the pool also started to resemble a public toilet by the beach - dirty and wet! I used to love the fun vibe, the rock music at the pool and the friendly service at the Hard Rock. But I think other establishments who try harder and have equally good accommodation and pools deserve my money more. Bali, especially, has countless options for really good accommodation, so I will vote with my feet and my money the next time round. 
Great Location, Friendly Staff       Swim up bar 
A Little Bit Disappointed The Hard Rock Hotel pool area was fantastic, however you could be anywhere in the world. If you are wanting to stay somewhere with a lot of Balinese culture, this is not the hotel for you. It is a great hotel if you want to lay around the pool. You can actually pay a small fee to use the grounds here and stay somewhere else. The buffet breakfast that is included is great, however it is VERY american...doughnuts for breakfast anyone?The rooms are tired and need to be refurbished, our bedspread had stains on it. The hallways are loud. The bathrooms have swinging saloon doors, which is not good if you are travelling with friends.Must say the activities by the pool were great and we had a great day by the swim-up bar. Renting the huts by the pool was great. The bars are both fun and what you would expect from a Hard Rock.There are cheaper, better places to stay in Bali, with more culture and aptmosphere. 
Everything we were looking for This was a busy spot but everything we wanted.The beach and shopping were on the same street. This is the busy street downtown Bali. The hotel was amazing. Biggest pool in Bali and the food was excellent and cheap at the poolside cafe. The rooms were perfect and very clean. We would definitely stay there again. Rate 148/night. 
Loved it all The location,security and friendness of the staff at the hotel make you feel at home.Hope to visit the hotel in near future recommended for those who really want a good vacation.Not forgetting the breakfast it was just fanastic. 
Jarring... I can find a million reasons to crib about the Hard Rock Hotel in Bali. The fact that it stands in stark contrast to the cultural, aesthetic and architectural beauty of Bali, the fact that it is located in the only area of Bali that I thought was truly disgusting, the lacklustre, crowded beach in front, the fact that one needs to weave ones way thru a 20 minute traffic jam to get in or out鈥︹€? I could go on and on. However, I was aware of all this before I even booked the hotel (and as you鈥檝e probably guessed, did not really stay here out of choice!). Therefore, I came with rather few expectations. At the very least, I was expecting a reasonably luxurious, clean room that I could shut myself in if need be. But HRH failed to meet even those threadbare expectations.We (a group of 10 'young adults') moved from a beautiful, tranquil villa complex in Umalas into Hard Rock. We were initially booked at the Villa for 5 days, but after a friend eagerly recommended and pleaded we stay at Hard Rock, we reluctantly decided to give it a try for 2 days. We moved from paradise at 70$鈥檚 to a hell of our own making at double the price.My complaints about the room and hotel are too many, and I really don鈥檛 want to get into details, in a nutshell: crappy reception, jarring corridor, tacky 70鈥檚 style room, bathroom  amenities that one would expect in 2* hotel. I鈥檒l give the devil it鈥檚 due: the swimming pool complex is stunning and the members of the staff like everywhere else in Indonesia are sincere and warm.The Hard Rock would be a disappointment anywhere, but if I consider the fact that remarkably stunning properties are available at the same price elsewhere in Bali, I feel cheated and angry. 
Good location, clean and nice room I spent one night in Kuta and stayed at this hotel. It was about $130 USD for the night. The room was clean and nice, and came with a breakfast buffet. It was about the quality you'd expect from a Hard Rock in the United States.Having said that, there were many cheaper options nearby that weren't as fancy. 
Loved the hotel!!       Hard rock pool 
good       hotel 
Party Time at Hard Rock I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years and I don't like staying anywhere else. The staff are really helpful and all speak great english. The rooms are a great size and the air con definitely cools you down after a very hot shopping spree!The beds are really comfortable too. Every room has a spa bath.The night life at hard rock is fantastic. There is a live band everynight down at center stage which is right at the entrance of the hotel. The bar staff are great and a few have become good friends to my family. Silluet, the band, is my favourite however they don't play much there anymore due to growing success through out Indonesia.The hotel is right in Kuda and opposite kuta beach. Personally I don't really shop anywhere else except for Kuta. There's a great market place a very short walk around a couple of corners.The hotel has a day care center which looks fantastic and a playground with a video game area.This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in ... and there's been a few!! 
always stay here at the end of my holiday       Pool 
Great Hotel for young people If you are looking for a beautiful balinesse feel on your stay then forget about Hard Rock Hotel. I suggest you to pick one of the hotel @ Tanjung Benoa, or if in Kuta maybe something like AlamKulkul (for more economical rate). HRH isn't the place for honeymooners nor balinesse ambience seeker traveler. The superior room is quite economical similar to harris and mercure, but with pictures of singers and rockers on the wall instead of balinesse art, and a bigger bathroom with big round tub. As for the deluxe room, well save your money cause really you wont feel any different when compare to the superior one. However, if your intention of coming to bali is to party or to shop till you drop then this hotel is your best bet. The location is superb within walking distance to practically everything from cafe's  restaurants, clubs, and shops. The swimming pool is bound to give you enough fun for one whole day. The service is ok, the staff are young and more laid back people. Braeakfast is good. And of course Hard Rock Cafe is right next door. In short, if you're young and you're coming with a bunch of friends ready to enjoy the scenes, you could pay less and stay at mercure for the same reason, but you'll pay more at HRH for the pool and rocking atmosphere. 
loved every second from the moment we walked it, everything was amazing! could not have asked for a better atmosphere, room, staff etc. definately will stay again! 
A Bit Old But Happening Hotel       Hard Rock Photoshoot 
consideration chooses room       Family Room ( not recommended for family ) 
My Best choice ever.. never bore me a minute :)       At the pool... 
Absolutely nice place to stay It's the 2nd time we stayed there and we still love it.What we liked most was the fact that it is close to Kuta Town (a mere 5 minute walk) and the fact that we get to watch the live band every night (either live or in our room through the TV).The pool is wonderful, the sandy beach area is a plus! 
A unique getaway       Hard Rock Bali 
Loved It THis was my 5th time to bali and when I go I like to stay somewhere nice 4 stars, My husband  I stayed for our honeymoon with another couple. This was our second stay at this resort. We upgraded from the standard room to a delux (i think that is what it is called) we had our own pool seperate from the main pool  our own area for breaky. Pool is absaloutly amazing and so are the chicken BLT's the smaller pool we didnt want to leave so clear and tropical. THe upgraded rooms are closer to the entrance and the exit to the road.(closer for shopping) well worth the up grade as last time we stayed in a standard room it was way to far to walk back to the room from the main pool. Standard room was a bit average needed a good once over with the domestos but the delux room was very very clean. Not too flash but clean. Fantastic we all had a ball ad the breaky is great. ONe night we got back to our room and had a honeymoon cake waiting for us, a lovely choc cake. We finished the holiday at the maridian golf and spa resort in a villa (needed a wash and a makeover but the inside of the villa was magical  the experience of a villa and a buttler is highly recommended.) happy to reccomend this!!! 
Great for Kids Arrived 2 weeks after Aussie PM had issued latest imminent threat warning about Bali. All vehicles were given rather basic underneath check at security with mirrors; wouldnt take a genius to smuggle in a bomb, but what the heck - could happen anywhere. Large family room amazing size, with sliding doors to separate bedroom from made up day beds in lounge. Ideal for 2 adults and 2 kids. Fabulous large pool with lifeguards and pool area kept clean and tidy. Good poolside service. Sometimes not enough loungers if you wander in during afternoon, but clearly some inconsiderate guests dump towels down to book lounger all day whether they are there or not. Such is life. Dont waste your money on expensive burger in HR cafe; take a walk along the front and wander up Poppies lane for a good selection of much cheaper and more fun restaurants. Beach is just across busy main road from hotel, and is kept pretty clean by SE Asian standards. Must see is the memorial to the bomb victims - a poignant reminder of what must have been a horrific time for locals and tourists. 
TERRIBLE Of all the hotels we stayed in in Bali (7 in total for this trip) this hotel was by FAR the worst!Yes, the pool is big and has all the usual extras like a swim up bar... but the remainder of the hotel left a lot to be desired!The so called 'deluxe' rooms are remenicent of my grandmothers living room. The walls a paper thin so anyone even walking up the corridor in silence sounds like a heard of elephants!The food is pretty awful, my wife and I looked forward to the dyas when we saw the pancake tray as that is all that could be stomached!All round, I wouldn't recommend this hotel AT ALL! 
Must do again Great place to visit at least once in your life. If you love the beach, GO, you will never see beaches like this again. The people and culture are great to witness as well. Not to mention the monkeys that run around everywhere, awesome. (not at the hotel, just the area.) The pools are great with swim up bars, poolside massages, and every need tended to. 
Great for old rockers and their kids       One sad old rocker, and happy kids 
great hotel good for the young at heart what ever age, but the hotel is dedicated to music so everything is theamed that way so if you want balinesean pick somewhere else.The pool is wonderful with slides for children and a beach in the middle. However there are no screaming kids running around dive bombing. There is also quite a few life guards. There is also plenty of sunbeds and the pool never looked too busy.In the evening there are buffets on a couple of evenings and you can also watch films on projection after dark.The buffet breakfast is great withe plenty of variety and its hot and plentiful.The staff at this hotel and on the rest of the island are so friendly probably the best we have come across.The rooms are light airy and clean, the bathrooms are bigger than average especially compared to somewhere in the mediterranean.Cant really fault the hotel except that the drinks at the centrestage in the evening are very expensive even compared to london prices.would definately stay again we travelled with our two teenages of 15 and 17 and they loved it.Bali it self is brilliant with lots going on Kuta is obviously the mos t lively part but compared to somewhere like spain is very tame.The beach is fab with brilliant waves if you surf or want to jump the waves, not really good for swimmers of toddlers paddling.There are lots of restauants which are very cheap and the service is good and the standards are pretty good. We stayed for 14 days and none of us had bali belly.Obviously we were apprehensive about travelling to bali but they are trying really hard to make people feel at ease with security everywhere. 
This place was an absolute disaster. This hotel is listed as a 4 or 5 star hotel when in fact going down hill with a tail wind it is 2 or 3 stars. I stayed at this hotel for 5 days because I stayed at the Hard rock Hotel in Pattaya Thailand loved it. This one was not at all like it except the theme. There are kids running all around the place, the food at the breakfast buffet was the same every day and just satisfactory. As for location, it is across the street from the beach and in the center of Kuta beach Bali. It is also next to a Starbucks which is a great people watching spot. The pool is outstanding and one of the largest I have ever seen with a sandy beach area. Every night at the hotel they have a band in the main area which is adjacent to the rooms. The music is so loud that in my room I turned up the TV full volume and it was still drowned out by the music. I asked for another room which they gave me after snickering somewhat. Al in all, I consider this place a negative and would not stay there again or recommend it to my friends unless they were looking for this type of environment. 
Hard Rock Hotel Bali.....A place that need to be remember       1600x1200 
Activities Filled Hotel       Beach volleyball - the pool is surrouding this! 
COOL HOTEL I've stayed in HRH Bali from 24 - 28 April 2007 with my family. We booked 2 Standard Room for 5 days 4 nights trip while in Kuala Lumpur, but when we check in....the front office personnel said it was our lucky day, so they upgrade our room to Deluxe instead, yippie! The rooms are nice, we got 2 queen beds in each room and they still roomy. I open up the glass door to my balcony, but its really looks like a jungle back there, with a sound of water pump once a while clogging beneath my balcony....its not nice at all. Then, instead of having a seperate HRH soap, shampoo, etc.....i'm a bit disappointed since HRH only provide an all-in-one shampoo + soap's container fix to the wall. Then, the slippers in the room are chargeable and not even free. So, I was thinking that I paid quite a sum of money to get all these?? Well, think again....Apart from that, my family really enjoy the centerstage + HRCafe free admission and this hotel is just a walking distance to all major shopping arcade in Kuta. In the near future, I maybe stay in Alam Kul Kul instead for a change but no offence, HRH is really a COOL hotel, cheers! 
OK place Stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel from 23-26 MArch 2007. Booked through a travel agent as we had some travel vouchers to use.The hotel is very conveniently located in Kuta itself. Cross the main road in front of the hotel entrance and you have Kuta beach waiting for you. Unfortunately, the beach was a bit of a letdown. Our first excursion was at low tide, and the beach was FILTHY. Plus for some strange reason, there was a tractor on the beach. There were also too many touts around who did not seem to go away even after you've said no. But I digress, back to the hotel.The hotel is funky and the reception is not all that bad. In fact they were quite accomodating. I discovered that my room was not internet enabled as it was a Superior Room. Only the Deluxe Rooms had it (albeit at a price). When I asked the Front Desk, they gladly changed my room to a Deluxe room at no extra cost. I can't remember the cost of the internet service but it was sold in vouchers for blocks of 4 hours and 8 hours.The rooms were a nice size, very comfortable and clean. The bathroom is very big with a huge bathtub. Unfortunately, there were no toiletries, only a soap dispenser on the wall (kinda like those above sinks in public toilets). From the hotel, you can walk around to all the shops very easily. There is no need to take any form of transport. The buffet breakfast has quite a large spread and the menu changed somewhat everyday which was good.The only problem with the hotel was that the rooms had EXTREMELY thin walls. The main doors to the accomodation wings were good in keeping out the loud sounds of the band at the lobby. However, the room doors and walls themselves were very thin. You can hear people walking and talking in the corridors. It's even worse at night as late night revellers (it IS Hard Rock) make their way back to the rooms so you're waken up in the wee hours because of all the noise they make.Convenient location yes. But I may just try another hotel next time. But if you wanted to try out a theme hotel for a change, then you can't do much wrong with this one. 
Great Pool, average rooms          Pool 
My most expensive mistake       Deluxe room 
Lively Hotel       Fun-inspired grounds 
Great Location for good price My wife, daughter, and I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel, Kuta, on a Saturday night in February. It is located right in the center of activity with the beach across the street and Kuta Square only a short block away. We found Kuta's narrow streets too jammed with cars to be able to drive anywhere on a Saturday night, and when we returned, the hotel parking lot was full. The staff kindly gave us free valet parking. The free buffet breakfast was very good, and all of the staff were very polite and helpful. The price was extremely reasonable considering the location and facilities. 
Lovely Hotel       Hard Rock Bali Entrance 
Perfect Location Near the City              
Perfect, for a couple of days       the room 
ROCK ON AT HRHB! I鈥檝e recently (September) spent time in this fantastic hotel. Location: The Hard Rock Hotel Bali is well located in Kuta, directly oposite the beach and in the middle of all the action!Room: The room was very clean and even had a great balcony with a wonderful view of one the pool grounds. Pool: The pool area is simply beautiful. There鈥檚 a number of pool bar's (swim up) with friendly service. You have to see the pool to appreciate it. Is huge with cabanas that can be hired for the day. Staff: The staff was always helpful, courteous  smiling. Guest mix: The majority of the guests appeared to be japanese and american with quite a few Aussies in the mix. Also, most were middle to younger of age - not very surprisingly Food: The buffet breakfast in the STARZ restaurant was fantastic. Food in the HRC was expensive but the food was very good.To sum it up: HRHB ROCKS! Can I recommend this hotel to other travellers? YES. Would I stay at this hotel again? You bet. Am already working on next years holiday to the HRHB. 
Hard Rock Hotel Best Choice Me and my two teenage sons booked this through wotif hotel discounts website. We booked for 7 nights and got an upgrade to a delux room from superior via the website. When we arrived we were given a nice room but it wasn't what we imagined - the hotel changed it at once to a similar one right outside the chill out pool which was great. The staff were great, smiley and accommodated our every wish. The breakfast buffet which was included in the price was terrific with everything you could possibly think of on offer. We paid 拢457 or the seven nights which was very good. If you're going to Bali with Teenagers this is most definitely the place. Lots going on in the hotel, lots to do and a band playing every night. Security is very high here although the Hard Rock Cafe open to the public has access to the hotel and I found this the only worry as security was pretty none existent here and anyone could have wandered in through the hotel entrance side. Kuta was the right place for the kids too and we enjoyed the surf and surfing, the great beach and the shopping. We had a driver take us around the island on a couple of days and that was around 拢25 for a 12 hour day - amazing! I loved this hotel and would go back to it again next year if I could afford it! Swimming pool was the best in Bali - massive complex with cabannas, variety of eating places, good food, great entertainment and for those with young children a terrific nursery and activity programme for all ages of children. The rooms are not overly luxurious as say a Stamford but the facilities in the place are great and as I said the staff so friendly and welcoming and helpful. One quibble I'd have would be the internet and its use. The hotel should log who uses it. My son used it and left his details on there, he received an email from someone who had used it after him and it was filthy. I reported it to the manager and I suggested they use a sign in log for anyone using it. I noticed on our last day that nothing had changed. Apart from that though the hotel was totally brill and simply the right choice for us. 
super duper funky hotel we stayed a week in this hotel, it's a funky hotel, specially for our kids, it's their paradise hotel. the pool's great, the breakfast is standard but that's ok, the housekeeping was excellent, 2 thumbs 4 them, better than the front desk people. the other staff also nice, helpfully. the centrestage was great. it's a really rock n roll funky place to stay if u loves music. it's a great hotel, a mixture of art (balinesse) and modern living. our room was spacious, we booked 6 room in totally which 2 deluxe and 4 standard, but the standard room better, the bed was large and comfort.and we would be there again next year!! 
3 star rooms, but very good pool area!! This hotel from the lobby and pool area looks to be a 4 star but when you get inside you room it is quite ordinary, the rooms are very basic and plain, nothing special at all I would rate them at barely a 3 star. In the bathroom there was no amenities like soap or shampoo apart from a public toilet type dispenser located on the wall in the shower. Beds are extremely hard and pillows are very poor, when I called up for a feather pillow and power adapter to be delivered to my room they never arrived. Checkin was very slow and we was not given our room until after 3.30pm. The only good points about this property is the excellent pool area and its location right on kuta beach and very close to the main shopping, however that鈥檚 about it and found the for the price I think the service is very poor and found that you are expected to pay for everything from slipper in you room to a bale by the pool. 
An oasis within Kuta       Hotel Entrance 
Great for families, but awful rooms We stayed here with another family in June 2005. The hotel generally is looking a bit old and the rooms are terrible. The bed linen is faded, the bathrooms are very worn, and the room sizes are too small. We upgraded to a Family Suite which provided more space but nothing else.BUT, the pool is absolutely FANTASTIC! The cabanas are brilliant especially if you have young kids who need a day sleep - just pull over the curtain and you can stay poolside while they sleep. There's also a good kids club.The food was also great, and the main bar is a lot of fun at night.The kids will love it, but strangely babysitters will not look after children under 3. I've never experienced that before.If you want a poolside holiday with the kids, it's worth putting up with the bad rooms for - just. 
Very ordinary, but had some good points.....   showReview(4952428, 'full');  
Wonderful holiday place   showReview(4463508, 'full');  
Fantastic!   showReview(4314690, 'full');  
Only so-so hotel   showReview(4090528, 'full');  
Good holiday   showReview(4019995, 'full');  
Review from a hotelier   showReview(3986105, 'full');  
ok hotel, not great   showReview(3514359, 'full');  
Very disappointing ....   showReview(3087230, 'full');  
Worst Value for Money   showReview(2617706, 'full');  
Great Hotel    showReview(2351032, 'full');  
alles TOP   showReview(22961664, 'full');  
Piscine magnifique   showReview(21035432, 'full');  
銉儍銈ソ銇嶃伀銇仧銇俱倝銇亜銇嬨倐锛佺瑧銇ｃ仭銈冦亞銉涖儐銉綖   showReview(20861913, 'full');  
澶с亶銇儣銉笺儷銇瓙渚涖倐婧€瓒?#x201d;   showReview(20841177, 'full');  
銉曘偂銉熴儶銉?#x201d;   showReview(21744654, 'full');  
銉椼兗銉亴澶с亶銇勶紒   showReview(20035314, 'full');  
銇俱仌銇儠銈°儫銉兗鍚戙亼銉忋兗銉夈儹銉冦偗銉愩儶銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20752561, 'full');  
exceptionnel   showReview(18536620, 'full');  
銉椼兗銉簝銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(19914314, 'full');  
婧€瓒炽仐銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19914312, 'full');  
銇ㄣ伝銇汇仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19914239, 'full');  
銉椼兗銉亴鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(19913772, 'full');  
銉愩儶銇伄銇儹銉冦偗   showReview(19913387, 'full');  
浣曞害銇с倐琛屻亶銇熴亜妤藉湌銉儍銈?#x201d;   showReview(19913340, 'full');  
銈偢銈兂銉併儍銈仾銉忋兗銉夈儹銉冦偗銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19911676, 'full');  
銉愩儶銇腑銇绫炽亱锛侊紒   showReview(19911476, 'full');  
蹇冨湴銇勩亜銉愩儶   showReview(19911362, 'full');  
銉忋兗銉夈儹銉冦偗銇?#x201d;   showReview(19911306, 'full');  
璩戙倓銇嬨€傘€傘€?#x201d;   showReview(19911275, 'full');  
浣曞洖銈傛硦銇俱倠銉涖儐銉仒銈冦仾銇?#x201d;   showReview(19911044, 'full');  
銉愩兗銈广儑銈ｃ偙銉笺偔   showReview(19910998, 'full');  
銉忋兗銉夈儹銉冦偗涓夋槯锛?#x201d;   showReview(19910965, 'full');  
銉忋兗銉夈儹銉冦偗銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19910316, 'full');  
銉涖儐銉伅銈偪鍦板尯銇亗...   showReview(19922940, 'full');  
姣庢櫓銉涖儐銉唴銇с儛銉炽儔...   showReview(19921972, 'full');  
銉愩儶宄讹紥锛楁硦婊炲湪涓?..   showReview(19921387, 'full');  
銉忋兗銉夈儹銉冦偗銈儠銈с亴...   showReview(19920776, 'full');  
6鏃ラ枔婊炲湪銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19919709, 'full');  
