Just Amazing!!! We booked it through a website. The price was conspicuously low and we were quite worried about what we were going to face. However, it was much beyond our expectations. A very comfortable and clean room. Towels and sheets were changed every day. Amazing view through the large window.But the must is the breakfast. By far the best one I have ever had during holidays. The personnel very polite and helpful.Just book a room at Agon am Alexanderplatz 
Fine Hotel a taste of the old DDR maybe Me and my son stayed here for one night as part of a party.The room was warm, twin beds comfortable, we were on the 5th floor and had a balcony over-looking a v busy crossroads, but great view of the TV tower.Somehow the room seemed dated yet everything appeared new ?CNN and MTV were the only non german TV channels.Breakfast was ok you can eat as much as you want.The hotel is in the old East Berlin so there is some building work going on. but it didn't disturb us. You are about 5 minutes walk from Alexanderplatz. This holds a major U and S bahn terminal. From there you can explore the whole of Berlin.I thought it was ok I wouldn't pay a fortune to stay there but it was alright. 
Big but basic Rooms were clean and tidy, but on a very busy and noisey road. We had a kitchenette in our room which was useful. It's quite a walk to the s-bahn station, through a menacing subway. 
for two stars, and in former east berlin - an intereting hotel for 2 stars, and in former east berlin this wasn't a bad hotel, and lively breakfast hall plus a central location. but it isn't a modern or stylish hotel, more like a retro almost soviet style experience. cheap and ok for sleeping, but not for hanging out more than necessary. 
Save up for one more star !!!!       THIS IS WHAT KEPT ME AWAKE!!! 
Great Stay at the Agon Alexanderplatz Stayed at this Hotel having been recommended by a friend. We were two adult couples.The reception upon arrival was very efficient and friendly and our rooms were clean and all fully serviced.If you can try to get a room at the rear away from the front of the Hotel as the trams are inclined to clank a bit through the night!All staff spoke English, although a few words of German to them was appreciated!The beds were comfortable and the request for extra pillows was acted upon at once.The reception staff were very helpful as to maps and information. The lounge had a full rack of brochures and tourist information in many languages.There was a full buffet type breakfast with plenty of food and the staff kept restocking the whole time. Not once did we have to ask for anything.Excellent value and recommended. 
Big rooms, balcony       View from balcony 
Adequate for a busy traveler that wants to explore Berlin       view from room 
Nightmare Awful. Located in the old East Berlin amongst abandoned and/or decrepit apartment buildings. No cafes or shops within safe walking distance. First room smelt of urine and cigarettes, asked to be moved to luke-warm reception. Was on the 8th floor, but very, very noisy. Felt unsafe, was so happy to check out and get to Hamburg! 
Save your Holiday I can begin by saying this trip was for 14 people paid in advance months befor and was a three day two night break.Upon arrival our details for our hotel accomadation had not been forwarded to the hotel so we were not expected, a fair mistake not the hotels fault. We were kept waiting as we were told we might not be able to stay, the hotel at this point was empty so what is the problem. The staff were extreamly rude and persisted in ignoring everything we asked untill we gave up and went to our rooms.First nightOn getting changed i went downstairs to meet the other people in our party. I went up to the bar / front desk were a german man sat doing some paperwork, pollightly asked for a drink only to be screamed at that he was trying to work (got no drink and went back to speak to my party). We left the hotel and went around berlin, on returning the security gaurd was so rude and in our faces that we were all left speachless.MorningMe and some ofthers make our way to the bar / front desk again this german man resides working. We ask again for a drink (which we are paying a lot of money for, and being a large group i mean a lot of money) only for him to stand up lean over the counter and scream the bar is closed and he doesn't have time for us. At this point i respond that we paid to be here and it is his job to serve us. We got our drinks and our change was thrown on the counter, my friend left picking it up off the floor.Second nightWe arrive in the lobby (by the stairs the lift was broke) to find a film crew shooting for the hotel and were told we could not leave or speak. We could not get a drink and had to wait 30 minutes to get out as the back door was locked to stop people wandering in during the filming. At arrival back to the hotel the doors were locked so we pressed the buzzer only to be confronted by the security gaurd screaming abuse in german because he didn't understand we were guests. not even an appologyAt this point without rambling on you can all see the pattern, this hotel has the worst customer service of any i have ever been to. The rest of the trip was good but how this filthy hotel was given 3 stars is beyond reason for all FOURTEEN people who stayed. Most hotels in europe if not all would see fourteen people as a goldmine. I must emphasize at this point that at no time was any member of our group rude or obnoxious back to these people, we found the experiance amusing at bestA LIST OF THINGS NOT TO DO AT THIS HOTEL (LOL)Don't ask for a drink Don't ask for changeDon't ask for directionsTry not to go back when security is onDon't ask is there anything else for breackfast when you are presented with what they give you (very poor).Enough!!!  My review ends with me honestly trying to help my fellow freinds on TA. Under no cecumstances stop here, the place is terrible and in my oppinion a hostel would be better than wasting your money on a somewhat dodgy three stars. 
great hotel location, cleanliness, views, location and value       view from bedroom 
if you don't like friendly service, stay here       View from the hotel 
Ago to The Agon Alexanderplatz       Agon Alexanderplatz on Mollstrasse 
Not bad! Stayed here for two nights with my husband in mid October of this year.We had originally booked to stay at an AGON further out, on Frankfurter Allee, but when we got to that hotel they had double booked! we needn't have worried as we were immediately transported to this hotel by taxi (paid for by the hotel chain) and we were pleased with what we found. Staff were pleasant, rooms clean. Breakfast buffett style, and very nice.The room my husband and I got was like an apartment, with a small kitchen area and a balcony with a good view. Bathroom with shower, clean and easy to use!Hotel about 5/10 minutes walk from the Alexanderplatz. Would recommend going up the TV tower (but get there early, as the queues get rather long!) Also, would recommend a tour bus, which takes approx. 2 hours. Well worth doing! All in all, we liked this hotel, and could see no reason to complain! 
Try to avoid at all cost We joined a tour group out of Singapore to Eastern Europe and our last stop was Berlin. Very very unfortunate for us that Park Inn was fully booked and the tour agent booked this hotel. Firstly the impression we got from the room was that it is not a hotel but looks more like a service apartment. THe room and hallway has a bad smell. the toilet to our disgust still had the remains of the previous guest!!! The front office staffs were very RUDE indeed towards our guide and us. They even lock us out of our room when we got back 1 hour late. Try to avoid this place if you can. We will certainly not go back there. 
Didn't love it The buffet breakfast is standard, but the staff -leader that clears the tables and refreshes the food is abrupt. If you take an extra napkin, you get a nasty look. You must conform or you get reprimanded. Also, the beds did not have top sheets. I asked for them and had to wait a full night and a day to get one. Also, the hotel isn't as close to the Alexanderplatz station as we thought. The hotel is a bit gloomy. 
ITEMS STOLEN FROM ROOM After checking out of the Agon am Alexanderplatz we discovered that our cell phone and IPod had both been stolen from the luggage in our hotel room. Please be warned,and be sure to store ALL valuables in the closet safe (not just passports,as we did). 
I had a wonderful stay the hotel is near Alexander Platz, there is a bus stop just in front of the hotel which allows you to easily reach Alxender Platz if you r not in the mood to walk 5 minutes... from Alexander Platz u can take all kind of public transports that will allow u to reach all the parts of the city. The rooms were big enough, clean and very confortable, the people who work there are friendly. breakfast was very good. I really advice the hotel 
o.k. hotel, area not so great This hotel is located on a busy intersection, next to the train station. Other than that it is about a 10 minute walk to any civilization. Almost everything around is boarded up and desserted. Not being familiar with the city, I was not comfortable walking from the hotel to attractions. It is definitly on the far side of town. Rooms were o.k., could use some updating. 
Loved this East German gem Located right near Alexanderplatz, this ginormous, apartment building sized hotel fitted our needs perfectly. It is an example of your typical block-fashioned Mauer architecture, and that is part of its appeal. My sister and I got our own rooms at this hotel, and we found that your hotel room is plural! We each had a changing room, hallway, bathroom, and bedroom complete with a kitchenette and a balcony commanding spectacular views of the Fernsehturm with the airport in the distance. The staff was very helpful, and one of the big bonuses is the buffet breakfast! They say it is only cold buffet, but they also serve hot scrambled eggs! It was a feast with all the different kinds of sliced meats, cheeses, rolls, and yogurt, hard-boiled eggs and cake slices. The only downside we found was that there was only one public computer to access your e-mail on (only a downside if you do not have your own laptop) and sometimes there was a long wait for it. But there are plenty of internet cafes in Berlin to make up for that. I would definitely stay here again. 
Great budget hotel If you are looking for a good value hotel that is ideally located for sightseeing, I would recommend you stay at the Agon am Alexanderplatz. We stayed for 5 nights last December and had a wonderful time. The staff (like all other Berliners we met) were very friendly, the hotel was spotless and breakfasts were fine. 
Panoramic View       the Fernsehturm seen from 7th floor window 
Great hotel The criticism of this hotel is not really very fair. I hve stayed here three times, and tend to make this my base when I visit my favourite city. It is a budget hotel made from a converted appartment block. The rooms vary from generously sized to suites, and all I have seen also have a cooker and sink. It is about 5 minutes from Alexanderplatz, the centre of the old East Berlin,and in my opinion the best bit of Berlin. Because of its history Berlin has two centres, the shopping bit is in the old West Berlin, which is a short train ride away, so if you want shopping on your doorstep then that is the area to go to. This part of Berlin has most of the museums, great cheap eats, and the cathederal.The area around the hotel is a bit grimy but I have never seen any trouble there, and there is a lot of redevelopment of the Alexanderplatz area.As far as the airport is concerned, the TXL express bus stops almost outside of the hotel. Furthermore, it is right at the end of the route, so you can't go too far, and on the way back you are certain to get a seat.My advice, go there, enjoy the fact it is not in the main tourist area. Meet some Berliners, have a walk around, especially down Karl Marx Allee. it is such a great place! 
Cheap but flawed.       The view. 
Don't get stuck in the lift!!! Hotel was ok I guess, however upon entering the lift on our way down to breakfast, the lift brokedown on us. To which we were stuck in for a whole hour!! An engineer finally arrived to save the day, (who couldn't speak a word of english by the way!), and we were out of the lift. However at this point, myself and my wife were both exhausted and as my wife suffers from claustaphobia, she was very shaken up and distressed. We all know faults can happen, and nobody was to blame, however it was the way the Hotel dealt with the situation which upset us the most. As we had been stuck in the lift for so long, not only did we miss our complimentary breakfast, but there was no appologies or anything, we were just given a line about ''the lift having nothing to do with the Hotel!'' and not only that, the staff at reception, who had miraculously stopped being able to speak English, didn't even realise we were in there! It ruined our day, and we will not be staying at this hotel again because of this incident. 
Perfect Base       TV Tower 
Perfect for the sights. The hotel has smoking and non smoking rooms. The non smoking rooms being on the top couple of floors - so affording great views.The rooms are a good size. We had a little kitchenette in the corner of the room and a nice dressing area near the door where the wardrobe was.The hotel is convenient to Alexanderplatz and therefore the local transport system which is perfect for sightseeing. There is a computer you can use for free and a little bar.The breakfast was generous buffet style and very yummy. 
Great location for seeing Berlin This hotel is in a brilliant place to see the main sights of Berlin being so close to the transport hub of Alexanderplatz.Situated in a former East German block of flats the hotel is no stunner from the outside but inside it is bright and the rooms were airy, clean and comfortable. Ours had a small kitchen but no crockery or cutlery so it was a bit strange! The room had a balcony overlooking the intersection of Mollstra脽e and Otto-Braun Stra脽e with Alexanderplatz in the distance, but it was not too noisy.The staff ranged from very friendly to a bit surly but the breakfast was always great and the staff regularly topped up the various things.Overall, it was a great hotel for a cheap stay in Berlin, which is an absolutely wonderful city and one I shall certainly return to! 
Great Location The hotel was very clean, the staff were very helpful  the location was brilliant.Although the rooms were quite basic, the location made it the ideal place to explore Berlin from. 
A great East German style base from which to explore Berlin       View from balcony 
Your havin a laugh!! let me start by saying this hotel was put forward to us by some one who thinks travellodge is in the savoy group and is very careful with the pennies ie tight .. so yes should have known better .. as in the photos stretch the truth they must have been taken by the same person who did the pirelli calender .. if you like your hotel rooms to have four foot wide doors that look like the entrance to a world war two bunker ..glass interior doors ..yes these use to be flats i guess!! ..and german telly ..with a exterior and interior like a easten block spy film from the early seventys with staff to match and with hard eggs and billy bear ham for breakfast .. well your in heaven 
Wonderful hotel for short break I stayed for 3 nights with group of friends. the rooms were basic, but, very clean and large - there was even a small kitchen with 2 ring hob in the room. The breakfast was a good buffet with plenty of choice. The location was excellent for transport links to the rest of the city. the number 200 bus, from just outside the hotel took us nearly everywhere we wanted to go - from the East to the West along the main shopping and historic sites. Just buy a 2 or 3 day Welcome Card for unlimited travel on all forms of city transport. 
Great value fo rmoney - a real East Berlin experience I echo most of the other reviews. I was pleased with the hotel. I have paid more for much less elsewhere. Everything was spotless and the beds were comfortable although the pillow was skimpy. They give you two twin beds that you can push together if you ae a couple. The location was very good and gave me a real sense of what East Berlin was/is like. We could get to everything very easily. Some people have said there was no hot breakfast but we did have hot sausages and egggs a couple of mornings and anyway I know German breakfasts are not usually hot. If you don't want luxury, this is great. It's comfortable clean and convenient. 
A true bargain in a great location I stayed here with six friends in November 2006, for a stag weekend in Berlin. The total cost per room per night was 97 euro (拢66) for the triple room, and 78 euro (拢54) for the double rooms, including breakfast.We found the hotel to be extremely good value, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere cheap, comfortable, clean and safe. The rooms were huge and the bathrooms were perfectly adequate, with one of the most powerful showers I have ever used. There was plenty of wardrobe space, and an electronic safe. There was also a TV with about 20 channels, a small kitchenette area and a fridge.Check in and check out were both hassle free, and the staff were pleasant and efficient.A good breakfast was available in the lobby from 7:00 鈥?10:00 and had a large selection of fruit, cereal and yogurt, as well as breads, meats and cheeses. There were no hot choices. The bar is part of the reception, and was therefore open 24 hours a day. German beer costs 2 euro (拢1.40) per bottle.The location of the Agon is its big advantage. It鈥檚 only a 10 minute walk to Alexanderplatz, where there are lots of bars, restaurants and shops. Trams leave from the front door and it鈥檚 only a short journey to many of the other main districts of Berlin. Taxis from Tegel Airport to the hotel took 25 minutes and cost about 20 euro (拢14).I also would like to mention the absolutely brilliant tour we did on the Saturday. It is called 鈥楾he Original Insider Tour鈥?(the yellow tour) and had been recommended to us. Leaflets are available on the desk in the hotel鈥檚 reception. The company offer 8 different tours, most of them running daily, and including walking tours, bike tours, pub crawls.Our tour 鈥?called The Famous Walk 鈥?was completely on foot and left at 10:30am from Hackescher Markt, which is only 15 minutes walk from the hotel. In four and a half hours we saw all of Berlin鈥檚 main attractions including the spectacular boulevard of Unter den Linden, the Reichstag, Brandenburg Gate, Checkpoint Charlie, the Berlin Wall, the site of Hitler鈥檚 bunker, the memorial to the murdered Jews of Europe, Museum Island, and the two main cathedrals. There was a 30 minute break for lunch at a nice cafe. The tour was in English and there were about 40 people of all ages on it. It didn鈥檛 have to be booked in advance, and was a bargain at only 12 euro (拢8). I would recommend it because Berlin is huge and to try and see all of the sights by yourself in one day would be almost impossible. 
Fantastic budget hotel       Night view on the street from our balcony 
Hot and Cold Walking from Alexanderplatz to this hotel was not a pleasant experience, it felt as if we were in a private residential estate, and the hotel`s exterior was very poor looking. The interior wasn`t much better, lobby was populated by people watching us suspiciously and policemen, and the receptionist could barely bring himself to look at me when mumbling our room number and tossing me the key.The room itself was pretty big, and looked a bit more like a 3 star hotel, and the balcony was quite nice. Also the bathroom was clean and nicely equiped.Best thing was the fact the barman let us bring open bottles of beer up to our room to finish off the night.So overall, location was okay, staff were pretty bad, exterior was even worse, but the room almost made up for it. 
excellent value for money hotel in convenient location my partner and I have recently returned from a short break to berlin.We stayed for 3 nights at the agon a/platz hotel. This hotel is superb value for money with huge rooms . The staff were very friendly and helpful and all spoke good english. The breakfast was more than substantial with a wide choice including cereals ,fruit salad ,cold meats, cheese, eggs, sausages, and even salads which is very unusual for breakfast.. Our room was very clean with fresh bedlinen and ample towels and cleaned to a high standard each day. The location was very convenient with the tram stop just across the road from the hotel. The M4 and M6 run literally every few minutes into the centre of the city and takes only a couple minutes to get to Alexander platz main station with connecting U and S trains to all parts of the city, and a direct airport express train to schonefeld airport. All in all a very enjoyable stay and would recommend and use this hotel again without hesitation. 
Cool hotel! We were in Berlin spending Christmas time in 2005. We booked this hotel via internet (48 euros double room with breakfast) and we hadn't any problems with the reserve, even we checked in at 00:30 a.m.!! But the recepction staff were really very friendly, young people and very nice. The location is ideal, near Alexanderplatz, the central station, and very close to the most important monuments like Reichstag or the museums island. It's close too to Unter den Liden, where you can find a lot of restaurants  shops. Big room with kitchen, clean bathroom, decent breakfast.(not much variety) . Cool quality for cheap price. 
avoid if you like your sleep A good budget price and an excellent location. Well maintained rooms.BUTAvoid if you dont like sharing your hotel with school groups. Stayed for two nights. On both nights had to share the hotel with touring school groups. Spend the night listening to pupils running up and down the corridors, knocking on all the hotel doors, dialing all the room extensions at three in the morning, having kissing session in the lift while riding up and down and not allowing anybody else into the lift, blaring music coming from not one room but four different rooms above and on either side. When reporting all this to the hotel staff, we were told that they are paying guests like ourselves and have every right to enjoy the hotel facilities (which apparently includes pupils climbing over hotel balconies trying to get access to our room.) Avoid at all costs if this is not your scene because we were informed that this particular hotel now specialises in school groups. 
Excellent value for money About 10 minutes walk from Alexanderplatz or 3 minutes by M4 tram which stops almost at the hotel door. Alexanderplatz station connects directly with Schonenfeld Airport (S9 train)  is also good for underground lines when exploring the city.Spent 4 nights here. Rooms are huge  spotless. Each room has a kitchenette. Our double room was a suite and had a fridgeThe value for money is fantastic - and the rate includes an excellent cold buffet breakfast. Saw reference to unfriendly staff on earlier reviews - this was definitely not our experience. We arrived after 11 p.m. on the first day and were warmly greeted  efficiently registered. Even though we had booked a second room separately - and weeks later - for our daughter, they had allocated us neighbouring rooms. We would definitely stay here again. 
Good Budget Hotel - Rude Lady Syndrome Strikes Again!   showReview(5564254, 'full');  
Perfect   showReview(5376371, 'full');  
Great place, spoilt by the woman on reception   showReview(5192700, 'full');  
Fantastic Value   showReview(4984635, 'full');  
Nice budget hotel   showReview(4592423, 'full');  
Great Location , Good clean comfortable hotel Extremely cheap!   showReview(4583527, 'full');  
You get what you pay for   showReview(3986397, 'full');  
Fantastic value   showReview(3633872, 'full');  
Large room, shame about the lino...   showReview(2976155, 'full');  
note liete enon dell'Agon am Alexanderplatz   showReview(22582325, 'full');  
napoli   showReview(22569979, 'full');  
Bien comunicado y limpio       cocina 
Hotel molto comodo!       Ingresso dell'hotel 
Piacevole soggiorno   showReview(20975800, 'full');  
Excelente estancia en Berl铆n   showReview(19951040, 'full');  
sehr zentrales Mittelklassehotel im Plattenbau mit guter Ausstattung   showReview(19855340, 'full');  
buono-quasi ottimo   showReview(19534611, 'full');  
Buon soggiorno!   showReview(19643889, 'full');  
Buena estadia okok   showReview(19008884, 'full');  
Grande Agon am Alexanderplatz   showReview(19643888, 'full');  
immer wieder gern, tolle lage   showReview(18535039, 'full');  
sehr gerne wieder   showReview(18535038, 'full');  
Sehr zentral und ideal f眉r Wochenendreisende um die 30-40   showReview(18535037, 'full');  
Ottima posizione e rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(17440582, 'full');  
In Ordnung, gute Lage   showReview(17440581, 'full');  
ottimo albergo per ragazzi e nn solo   showReview(16352538, 'full');  
3 nuits 脿 Berlin   showReview(16595034, 'full');  
solide 眉bernachtungsm枚glichkeit   showReview(16595035, 'full');  
Confort spartiate   showReview(15566127, 'full');  
Werde ich noch 枚fters buchen   showReview(15566125, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(15566126, 'full');  
gerne wieder   showReview(15566124, 'full');  
Ich w眉rde das Hotel wieder buchen   showReview(14729259, 'full');  
Muy bien para su precio       Edificio un poco feo 
Ottimo compromesso prezzo-localizzazione   showReview(14729253, 'full');  
bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(14729252, 'full');  
gut weiter zu empfehlen   showReview(13984692, 'full');  
Nie wieder dieses Hotel   showReview(13450558, 'full');  
buena relacion calidad precio       vista desde el balc贸n 
Un sitio correcto y accesible para conocer Berlin   showReview(11509368, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(11313373, 'full');  
gute zentrale Lage, aber auch etwas laut....   showReview(11659679, 'full');  
Durchschnitt   showReview(11659678, 'full');  
10 en calidad/precio/situaci贸n   showReview(10053749, 'full');  
G眉nstig und gut gelegen   showReview(11659677, 'full');  
Agon   showReview(11659674, 'full');  
Hotel poco appariscente...   showReview(11337489, 'full');  
economico, ben collegato e colazione abbondante   showReview(11659675, 'full');  
Tr猫s correcte   showReview(11441510, 'full');  
Ottimo Hotel posizione centrale...   showReview(11337490, 'full');  
Una parte del personale...   showReview(11337491, 'full');  
ottima posizione per girare berlino   showReview(11432149, 'full');  
unfreundliche und Jugendherbergscharme, h盲脽licher Plattenbau   showReview(7227738, 'full');  
Correcto   showReview(6840655, 'full');  
hotel confortevole da segnalare di sicuro   showReview(11391041, 'full');  
das war garnix   showReview(11369236, 'full');  
El hotel est谩 en un lugar muy...   showReview(11337492, 'full');  
Preis-Leistung o.k.   showReview(11348549, 'full');  
Das Wichtige ist vorhanden   showReview(11348548, 'full');  
Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11338624, 'full');  
soddisfattissimi   showReview(11331358, 'full');  
Buon albergo, localizzato in...   showReview(11337493, 'full');  
