#Londra# hotel room is good was good value Hotel is good value overall.Buffet breakfast is extensive and available from v early to 10.30am.Hotel is very clean and they provide ample towels, etc. We finally settled on the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. I really wanted a room with a balcony with a nice view, and in fairness this is what we got. The view from our balcony was gorgeous but there is no furniture so you need to drag the chairs from the room out onto it. They really need to think about sweeping or mopping the balcony floor tiles as they were pretty filthy. Our main gripe with the hotel #Londra# hotel room is good was the room.  If you want to see real photos of the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good (and not just pictures of their 2 renovated rooms) look on Expedia. They feature much more realistic views of rooms in the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good. 
#Londra# hotel room is good Hotel - Great Stay  During our recent trip to Italy, among the hotels we stayed at, #Londra# hotel room is good was the best. Coming from the states, where finding a hotel with large rooms or suites, which can accomodate two very active little girls and us, is so easy, it was a shocker to us at the first hotel we stayed in Bergamo, when they mentioned that we need two rooms for four of us. It didnt matter the children were 5 year and 9 months old. We had to fight tooth and nails to get a one big room with a King size bed and a crib(our own portable one that we bought). We had to pay extra 60 euros a night for that arrangement. I was expecting the same kind of argument when we checked into #Londra# hotel room is good, but to our surprise, there were no issues  on the contrary, everyone was very nice  the rooms were amazing with every little little ameneties you would expect of a four star hotel. Something very diffcult to find in Europe.
Repeat Visit I have visited Florence several times in the last ten years and have chosen to stay at the #Londra# hotel room is good three times. I have found the hotel's location convenient to transportation (the train station is a short walk away) and within an easy walk of the major sites in Florence. The rooms have been excellent and the service wonderful. On this trip, I was traveling with my nephew and he was very pleased that the #Londra# hotel room is good has an exercise room available to all the patrons. That was an added benefit to his trip and he made very effective use of it.Also during my latest trip, I ate in the restaurant in the hotel for the first time. It was an outstanding experience. The quality of the food was exceptional, the service was perfect and the price was reasonable. The meal was truly a high point of my stay at the #Londra# hotel room is good.I love to travel to Italy and I would not hesitate to book rooms in the #Londra# hotel room is good when I am next in Florence. 
Would go back again to Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good, Florence Stayed at Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good at end of April 2008 and was a great experience. Would I recommend Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good?? Yes, and we would stay there again if we ever returned to Florence. Florence was a wonderful city - must see if ever in Italy. 
lovely stay in Florence Very Good Choice The hotel #Londra# hotel room is good is a very convenient hotel for ashort break in Florence. We booked 2 nights in Booking website and we found a modern and lovely room, spacious bathroom as in room images. We had dinner atthe hotel restaurant and we appreciated the great food and the polite staff. We recommend the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good to all travellers in Florence. 
Pretty Decent Stay At the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good, Would Go Back.       Bedroom 
Delighted customer at the #Londra# hotel room is good We booked 2 triple rooms during the busy December period and got a reasonably good price. 
Courteous staff, great hotel for a family We stayed for 2 nights at the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good. We booked a triple and a double room. Both rooms were modern, spacious and clean. The hotel staff were friendly and courteous. 
#Londra# hotel room is good Florence - great hotel, would recommend We stayed in the #Londra# hotel room is good in August for one night and found it really comfortable. The guy that checked us in on arrival was also very helpful. All in all I would stay at the #Londra# hotel room is good again when visiting Florence. 
Great Little Boutique Hotel! The Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good is a beautiful little hotel with great accommodations, excellent service by the hotel staff, and the best dinner that we had in Italy was at the restaurant in this Hotel. We will definitely stay at the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good the next time we are in Florence. 
Regular Hotel better for Business Travelers I have spent at Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good few nights at different times in this 2007, traveling for business to Florence.
Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good: hit-and-miss. I stayed at this hotel for 10 days this June. Room: very, very small, including the shower; however, it was brand-new and nicely furnished. 
Okay accomodation, inconvenient location The Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good provided reasonable accomodations for a 3-star hotel. 
Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good - not so much! Service dates: 4/27 - 4/30 2007Good accommodations and a helpful staff. The rooms were clean and the breakfast buffet (and the room it was served in) was superior.
Great lovely hotel, Great location, Highly recommended We are just back from our trip to Italy, This was our third time in Italy, since I love this country, I chose Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good because of good reviews I read in Tripadvisor and for it's closeness to the train station and all city attractions. Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good in Florence is a very good hotel, near the main train station (Santa Maria Novella).We had asked for a triple room,
Very Good Hote I stayed at the HOTEL #Londra# hotel room is good for work and I fund it really good.Very modern hotel, good quality of food, beautiful room, above all the superior rooms with facilities and gifts.Good location and very kind personnel.Also good pricesReally a Good stay!Federica 
Conveniently located, suitable for small conferences and workshops The hotel #Londra# hotel room is good is very nicely located near to the Central Rail Station and easy to reach when coming from different places in Italy. Also, it is on a walking distance from most interesting to view points in Florence. We stayed in three rooms: 2 doubles and 1 triple. We arrived at the train station and easily walked to the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good. Even though it was near the train station the street that the hotel is on was very quiet. The lobby of the hotel is very nice with leather sofas. We were shown to our rooms quickly.Breakfast at the Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good was lavish. The dining room is large and bright and the variety of food was amazing. They had the usual pastries and cereal and juice, but also had eggs, bacon, sausage, cheeses, hams and desserts. Even champagne and orange juice was available for mimosas. three of us stayed 7 nights (2 rooms) in mid-October, 2006 at the #Londra# hotel room is good in Florence. The maid for our room was particularly helpful and the breakfast staff maintained the tables quietly and efficiently. The #Londra# hotel room is good provides a good breakfast spread, but the menu never varies. Within a 10 minute walking distance, you can reach a large, well maintained self-service laundy. The restaurant had good food, slow service and high prices - by far, the most expensive of our trip without anything special to account for it.Before leaving home we had reserved tickets to museums (strongly recommended) and we had arranged a morning walking tour of Florence. Midweek, we had a tour with Giovanni Sirabella (Sunshine Tours) to see towns in Umbria (Perugia, Assisi and Cortona), and that was followed by 2 great days with Angela's Personal Tours going through the Chianti region and visiting Sienna and Volterra. I can recommend staying at Florence's Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good. Just watch that last step - it's a doozy! 
What a great hotel!!!!!! Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good in Florence is a very good hotel, near the main train station (Santa Maria Novella). I got in Florence was not supplied by Michelangelo, Brunelleschi or any of those fine artists, but by the bathtub of the #Londra# hotel room is good hotel!
Terrible Hotel My husband and I just returned from staying at Hotel #Londra# hotel room is good in Florence. We had to have our room changed several times...the first room smelled of pesticides, the second room the air conditioning did not work and all three of the rooms were dirty. The staff is very arrogrant and unprofessional. We felt the location was not in a very good area. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone who wants an enjoyable stay in Florence. 
Very Nice Stay At The #Londra# hotel room is good