Wonderful hotel which made our stay. My partner and I decided to go to Berlin for the Christmas week, and I booked the Wall Street Park Plaza on Travelocity a few months ago (having read the reviews on Tripadvisor) - a superior room for an amazing price of 拢48 per room per night (I think there was a special offer on).It was particularly important to us that we had a good hotel, as we'd saved up for some time for the trip and were hoping to make it one to remember - we weren't disappointed!The hotel is very practically located, about two minutes walk from the Spittelmarkt U-Bahn station - this is on line 2 of the U-Bahn, which is ideal for visitors at it offers a direct route to Alexanderplatz, Stadtmitte, Potsdamer Platz and Wittenbergplatz etc. The hotel's also only about 10-15 minutes walk away from Alexander Platz. The room was great - very spacious, with a high ceiling and very large windows. The decor was unusual and modern (a nice change to the identical hotel rooms that you find in most hotel chains), the bed was very comfy and the room was spotlessly clean. The bathroom had a modern walk-in shower. The room had all the necessary mod-cons, including safe, hairdryer, flat-screen TV (which could be used to browse the internet for an extra fee), minibar, iron and board and espresso making machine. The staff were all extremely professional, friendly and fluent in English. Although we didn't drink in the bar, it certainly looked very well-stocked! We also didn't eat at the hotel, but did have a snoop round the breakfast room, which looked very pleasant and airy! The hotel was also very quiet - we were hardly aware of any other guests, and Wallstrasse itself is very quiet.All in all, I'd really recommend this hotel to anyone - it offered everything we needed and much more (for an extremely reasonable price) and ensured that we had a perfect Christmas trip. 
Comfortable beds        bathroom - Executive Room (great bathtub!) 
Brilliant city and great hotel! We booked via Last Minute.com, but word to the wise, book directly on the hotel website for the best prices. This is a fantastic value hotel and in easy distance of all the main things you will want to see in Berlin. We walked to The Reichstag, The Brandenberg Gate, and Alexanderplatz with the TV Tower. Other reviewers have commented on the price of the breakfast buffet. I can't add to this as we didn't breakfast at the hotel, however, if it does look a little steep, we found a fantastic little cafe called Millies Cafe, less than 10 minutes walk away (on the corner of Gertraudenstrasse and Fischerinsel) which did a range of breakfasts; from the French (consisting of croissants and marmalade) for under 5 euros, to the biggie, a Millies Breakfast (including yoghurt, four bread rolls, salad, boiled egg, smoked salmon, meats and cheeses) for less than 8 euros, and very nice too! They also served a great coffee were friendly and helpful and had an impressive and delicious looking array of cakes and pastries on offer.But back to the hotel. Our room was all we could have asked for: quiet, comfortable, spacious, warm. The bathroom was brilliant with a lovely wet room style shower and modern fittings. The bed was very comfortable too. The only issue we found was with the tea/coffe making facilities, where there was only powdered milk available, which, rather than mixing nicely into my coffee turned into lumps and spoiled it, however this is such a minor point, and other reviewers have offered tips on where to go to buy your own proper milk, so no biggie.The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly and the bar was a lovely relaxing haven to enjoy a nightcap, with excellent bar - tenders and an extraordinary array of spirits! 
Amazing Park Plaza Wallstreet Berlin it is a lovely hotel, very well located, although not a lively neighbourhood, the most important sites (Alexanderplatz,Nikolai Viertel,Bradenburg Tor etc) are within 15-20min walk and the metro station is 1min from the hotel entrance,there is also a nightbus coming from Alexanderplatz.the hotel is amazing, an old impressive building totally modernised in the inside, the staff is very helpful and kind, and the rooms are simply wonderful, with the high ceiling, the nice decoration and the most unbelievably comfortable bed i ever slept in in a hotel.well done park plaza 
Gem of a hotel This hotel is superbly situated in the Mitte District of Berlin. It is about 10 minutes walk to Alexanderplatz, the old beating heart of pre war Berlin now a showcase for the socilaist period.You can pretty much walk anywhere from here. The newly constructed Potsdammer Platz with its Sony Centre are about 15 minutes away. However, there is an underground station less than 1 minute away which is one of the central routes from where you can get to Friedrichstrasse in less than 10 minutes.The hotel is superb. The superior rooms while not overly big are carpeted with a huge impression of a dollar bill. The breakfast was more than one could ask for and beyond the usual, albeit delicious, meat, cheese fruit selection. There were many small nice touches.The hotel staff could not have been more helpful including checking train times for us to the airport.Berlin is a gem of a city and has to be visited. The eastern sector of the city, in my view, has the best of the city and has been well maintained. From this hotel, all of these sites are no more than 10 minutes walk: Unter den Linden, Alexanderplatz, the TV Tower. From here one can promenade (Bummel) down the UdL to the Brandenburg Gate and experience that boulevard as others did many years ago.I have stayed in many hotels in Berlin and on Friedrichstrasse but for location and value for money this hotel is now my hotel of choice. For 3 nights we paid 192 Euros: a snip in the city. 
Great Hotel! My husband and I stayed here for a short weekend trip. While the location is a little further from the main sites, the hotel is great and such a great value! We loved the modern decor in the rooms and bathrooms. The rooms have a very high ceiling which is great! It was extremely clean and everything seemed new. We didn't get a chance to eat at the hotel for breakfast but from what we saw it looked good! Overall, a great hotel for the money!! 
Smart hotel, great location. This is a hotel with a difference, not your usual run of the mill motel type accommodation! The bedrooms are spacious and modern with LCD TV and internet access (if prepared to pay). Good value at just over 拢50 pn.Didn't eat at the hotel because of reports on this site as to cost. However, if you are prepared to walk just beyond the Maerkisches Museum at the end of the street you will alight upon perhaps the best value charecter restaurant in the city - das Marinehaus - situated across the road from the riverbank. They do a 2 course dinner from 9.60E. Around the first corner in the opposite direction is a Spanish bodega offering tapas and a left turn at the U-bahn station finds an Indian restaurant. Just behind the hotel is a smart deli that does cheap and cheerful breakfast fare.Don't miss das Maerkisches Museum, which features striking displays on the history of lighting. 
A great deal and a wonderful hotel I booked this hotel via my travel card based on the Trip Advisor reviews and was not disappointed. In fact, I was just thrilled. Travelling there after the Frankfurt Book Fair, I checked in before meeting my friend from Holland at the impressive new Hauptbahnhof (main railway station). It's a restored and completely renovated hotel. The theme is Wall Street - down to the stock quotes on the hallway carpets. Our room was so wonderful, very modern, delightfully so, spacious, and very clean. And given the up and down in the stock market these days, the quote on the wall above the bed, was a bit of black humour. We shared a superior room facing the street. The area is very quiet and if you had a mind to, you could easily walk to Museum Island in 15-20 mins. But the bus and underground are right there too. the breakfast buffet, while good, is a bit overpriced at 17 euro! And dinner was a bit sad at the restaurant. We were the only ones there. The one drawback for some maybe the lack of night life or restaurants and cafes. But the area is on the way up and I think there will be more action soon . Berlin is a fabulous city and at 74 euro a night, this was a fabulous find. 
Great Value We stayed 4 nights at the park plaza (for an average of just under 拢50 per night room only) and we found it to be a great hotel for the price. The hotel itself in is in a lovely old building well located a 2min walk from 2 U-Bahn stations (spittel-markt or markisches museum both on the U2 line). Alexander Platz is only 2 stops on the U-bahn and that has access the more u-bahn lines and the s-bahn, so links throughout the city are good. If you don't want to take the rains everywhere the hotel is still well located as check point charlie, and alexander platz are both only a 15min walk away, and the brandenburg gate and reichstag are about 25mins. Also, the hotel is only a 5 - 10min walk from jannowitz-brucke S-bahn station which is a direct line to schonefeld airport (takes about 40mins and costs 2.80euros pp)We didn't have much contact with the staff but they seemed friendly enough and the hotel interior is very modern and well designed. We had booked a superior room which was just about bigh enough, but again it was a very modern, design with a quality finish and nice colour scheme. The shower was excellent and the bed really comfy. We also found the room to be really well sound proofed as we heard nothing from the other rooms or the corridor during our stay.We would happily stay here again, especially with it being such great value for money. 
wonderful wallstreet a short stay in the park plaza wallstreet. excellent location for visiting berlin mitte. A beautiful ancient building (formerly a trade house), but the inside is modern and very comfortable. Especially the nespresso machines for making coffee in the executive room was a nice touch. Breakfast very tastefull especially the bircher muesli. friendly and capable hardworking staff. Once and a while I missed the smile. 
Wunderbar Hotel This is by far one of the best hotels in it's grade in Berlin.Reading other reviews here people have complianed that it is not exactly central, well that is to it's advantage. The hotel is within comfortable walking distance of the majority of visitor sites, even the Zoo is walkable if you don't mind an hours walk, which we didn't. And what a Zoo it is, it leaves UK Zoo's wanting.The staff at the hotel are great, especially the bar staff who are extremely friendly and all speak very good english.There have been other people who complained about the cost of breakfast at the hotel, we didn't have breakfast but we did have a couple of evening meals and with a Steak at 16 Euros and a Burger meal at 13 Euros, the prices are very similar to those of a pub in the UK but of better quality, so I can't imagine the cost of the breakfast being too over the top and you do appear to get a lot for your money. We had breakfast at a hotel in France a couple of weeks ago and we got very little for our 10.50E.The rooms in the hotel are excellent, not many hotels give you two chairs and a table, they expect everybody to sit on the bed to watch TV etc, but not the Park Plaza. It is very easy to get to the hotel too. From Schonefeld Airport, take the S-bahn to Alexanderplatz (direction of Spandau). Get off and get onto the Underground U2 ( direction Ruhleben)to M盲rkisches Museum which is 2 stops. As you get off the train go right to the exit and go up the steps.Walk straight forward across the road and you will soon see the The Golden Buddy-Bear. The hotel bar opens until 1am, obviously if it is not too busy they will close earlier but in the five nights we were there they were open from 11am until 1am.The rooms have hair dryers, which my wife found to be excellent as it is an actual hand held dryer so you have control over the temperature and not the constant heat which you get from those units which are stuck to the wall in other hotels.If like me you enjoy your cups of tea, the cups in the rooms are small mugs and not the two sip cups as in other hotels. If you go out of the hotel through the court yard you will find a Lidl to your right where you can buy milk and keep it in your mini bar fridge.We found our first Berlin experience great, made all the better by the comfort of this hotel. 
Excellent hotel, excellent holiday Very well situated hotel, 2 minutes from Markisches Museum underground, which is 3 stations from Alexander Platz, from whwer you can catch the train to lots of places.We went to Frankfurt Oder and walked into Poland, just over the river - very interesting day trip, one hour from Berlin. It was also easy to walk to lots of places in Berlin from the hotel.Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful; I forgot something in the hotel safe and they sent it on to me immediately. Room was large and comfortable, as was the bathroom, spotless and relaxing. There was a bar and restaurant but we didn't use them; they were attractively decorated. One of the best hotels we have stayed in and this contributed to a very successful week in Berlin. 
Fabulous!! This is the 3rd year we have stayed in Berlin for the beer festival, and this hotel was by far the best we have stayed in. Fabulous theme - Wall street. Well comfy beds, iron, hairdryer, funky coffee machine, well stocked bar down stairs. It is 2 minutes walk from the U Bahn, very good bus service around the corner. Well informed reception desk. Near to other restaurants. Will be back here next year! 
Great hotel       Hotel entrance 
Clean hotel in great location Quite clean hotel. It is within walking distance to the Museums island, the Berlin Dome and the eastern end of Unter der Linden, Berlin's most historical area. U-Bahn (Berlin's subway/metro) station is almost at the door of the hotel and a direct line takes you to the Potsdamplatz, one of the chique's areas in town, with restaurants, shops, Berlin Philharmonie hall, Legoland, etc. One metro connection from Potsdamplaz gets you to the Brandenburg gate, while you can also walk from Potsdamplatz to there or the Reichtag.My room was clean and had fast Internet access. The staff did their duties well, while I wouldn't call them friendly. I took a cab to Tegel airport, which I think cost me ~25 Euros. 
loved this hotel this is a fantastic well designed and comfortable hotel. the location is very handy for all your sightseeing needs the desk staff are fantastic and helpfull this hotel is a hidden gem at a very reasonable rate on the park plaza website 
Park Plaza....A nice place to stay Stayed two nights at the park plaza. It is a new and stylish hotel, Clean, comfortable beds and nice bathroom with great shower. Staff polite and very helpful. Convenient for location. The street which the hotel is on is quiet, a bit out of the centre. Really enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it. 
the award for best carpet goes to the Plaza! We stayed for 3 nights in the Park Plaza. It was a good location for access to the underground but the area itself was pretty quiet - that didn't bother us as the transport system was so good and it didn't take long to get to other areas. The staff on the desk were helpful and were happy to find things out for us on the internet. It was a nice place to stay with not much to dislike. We changed from our first room which seemed a bit dusty and not 100% clean but our second room was fine and there was no bother in changing.Really nice bathroom with a great walk in shower. It cost about 23 euros by taxi to get to the hotel from tegel airport which we were told was the best mode of transport to use as the public transport was not very direct.I loved Berlin and all the walking around meant that I was glad to come back each night to a comfortable bed and nice place to sleep. 
Bait and Switch? I really wanted to give this hotel top marks. Overall the stay was average and what I would expect with a few minor hitches. My confirmation said superior room, but I think I got a guest room. However, the website and the site I booked through were really vague on the differences. So, I think they can get away with swapping rooms at the last minute. The pictures on the corporate website show only 1 picture of the superior and or executive room. So its misleads you about what to expect. I am not sure if I was a victim of bait and switch tactics here. If the website was a little bit more clear I think I would not have a problem, We were there for a short stay and did not want to make a stink. The GOOD:The room was nice and clean. I liked the decor. The bed was comfy and I loved the coffee and tea in the room. Room was very quiet dispite being close to the elevator. The people at the bar greeted us with a 'Hello' every time we went by (only experienced this so far at 5 star hotels). It was a nice touch. Hotel is very close to u bahn. Bathrooms were modern and very clean.The BADThe confusion about the room type. The bathrooms had windows with curtains that would not close all the way - leaving a sliver of view. We did not feel comfortable turning the light on at night fearing the fact that you could see in. Would be nicer if they had frosted glass or something. Water was 4,95 Euro.The OKGym was tiny and only had a few machines (no treadmill, but the precor was a good substitute). Could not get the TV to work in gym. The price was right. The location was perfect. I would definitely come back (for the same price), but I would make sure to ask for a room with a bathroom curtain that closed all the way instead of having to 'MacGyver' a solution. 
Loved the park plaza wallstreet, loved berlin.       Comfy beds! 
Ab-Fab stay at PPW.       Cool sink 
Modern hotel at a great price We stayed at the Park Plaza for a week in December. We got a superior room at a great price through Hotels.com. The hotel is very modern, but the 'Wall Street' theme gives a little more character than most large chain hotels. Our room was of a good size - not huge, but certainly roomy enough for two of us for a week.Location is pretty good, not directly in the middle of tourist areas, but close enough to walk to most. U-Bahn is one minute from hotel and will take you anywhere. Recommend visitors to Berlin buy a travel pass, which will then allow you to travel anywhere in the city - great value for money. All hotel staff we came into contact with were very pleasant. Had a problem with our travel adapter and assistant manager and maintenance person both arrived at room very quickly to remedy. Reception staff in particular very friendly. We only had breakfast on our last morning. Like most chain hotels, this was certainly overpriced, particularly for a city where we found prices very reasonable. We had room service one night and were happy with the burger  chips, service and price.Overall, I would recommend the Park Plaza. Berlin is a fantastic city, loads to see and do. Visiting in December allowed us to visit the Christmas markets which were fantastic, and the best of which were within walking distance of the hotel.I would recommend the Park Plaza as a base for touring Berlin. 
excellent hotel...       bed 
great hotel ,great location stayed in the Park Plaza in Jan 08 for 2 nights mainly due to other reviews on this site and i have to tell you i was not disapointed .Good location only 100 metres from the u bahn , lovely rooms ,decent bar and friendly efficient staff who made our stay even more enjoyable .The hotel restaurant is a bit expensive especially the 17.50 euros for breakfast but thats not a problem in a city like Berlin where you can eat anywhere !!! overall i would fully recomend this hotel . 
Overall enjoyed the Stay       Bathroom2 
Pleasant hotel       Double bed (standard room) 
Nice Hotel shame about the food       Bradenburg Gate 
great hotel Lovely hotel. Room nice, big, fresh and clean. Just what you need after a day on the go.Staff were good, especially the bar staff who made good recommendations for restaurants to visit.The breakfast was excellent, lots of choice too.The location is good, within walking distance of lots of areas of interest. Also very near the underground station.Would definitley visit again. 
Excellent room, bathroom ... and bathroom door In my experience the staff were polite and attentive, the breakfast was an excellent start to the day and my room was a clean, calming, pleasant place to return to after a hectic session of meetings. Re the 'lack' of a bathroom door mentioned elsewhere: initially I too thought the room and bathroom were open to each other, before realising that instead of a conventional door, there was a floor-to-ceiling glass partition that slid back into the wall. The green bamboo image on the glass provided ample screening to relax in the well-appointed bathroom with its black slate floor and large bath. The only hiccup was when I returned to my room to find 鈥?via the TV 鈥?a truncated transcription of a telephone message, left for me at the hotel's reception. I couldn't figure out how to scroll down to read the rest of the message, so I had to ask the receptionist to read it out to me from her computer. Hardly the end of the world, probably a reflection of my techno-illiteracy and, of course, handled with courtesy. 
an excellent hotel This hotel surpassed all my expectations. First class! The staff are friendly and professional. The rooms are cleaned daily and very comfortable. I was concerned about the bathroom after reading other reviews but it is not an issue! The door has patterned glass which is impossible to see through and gives absolute privacy. The hotel is ideally located with a u-bahn literally seconds away. The trains are prompt so you can be in the other end of Berlin in five minutes. The location of the hotel is quiet and attractive and within walking distance of scenic parks and cafes. We ate a couple of nights in the hotel bar area and the food was reasonably priced and of good quality. I could not fault this hotel during my stay. 
Excellent rooms at a reasonable price Rooms are on the small side, but are comfortable and well appointed, and the space is creatively used. I appreciated the professional hair dryer in the bathroom, made all the better because it could be turned off and on and I didn't have to hold the button in the On position the way dryers are at many other hotels. The only downside was that the hotel uses Swisscom for internet access in the rooms, and it is not only expensive but unreliable. However, the hotel did not charge us for the internet access when we told them of our problems with it. Another plus for the hotel is that it is located very close to a subway station, making it convenient to get around town. 
Average stay We were checked in by a rather frosty receptionist to find we'd been given the tiniest of rooms. This was strange as during our whole weekend we hardly saw any other guests - so it was clear they weren't busy/full.The room itself was unacceptably dusty 鈥?it looked like it hadn鈥檛 been occupied for sometime. It was modern although the finance link to everything doesn't really work and ends up looking a bit tacky. Our bathroom featured a shower (no bath) squeezed into such a tiny space it made it difficult to close the door. This caused the bathroom to constantly flood. The sink, while very trendy, had no plug which causes an unnecessary waste of water.The location is OK...fairly close to everything, but it's certainly not with the main sights on your doorstep.Overall, this was an OK stay but the experience could have been a lot better 鈥?especially as they had virtually no other guests. 
Nice hotel, OK service, great breakfast We got a great price on this hotel from Priceline and it's a really modern, clean hotel. The breakfast was great and much bigger than a lot of places we've stayed. The restaurant and breakfast staff were very nice and helpful. The front desk staff left a lot to be desired.They were somewhat rude on check out and not willing to see if there were rooms closer together. Seems pretty simple to at least check. The location is decent, but a bit of a walk to most sights. I would stay here again, but only if the price was significantly lower than other options. 
Great choice I just recently spent three nights at the Wallstreet and enjoyed it very much. It is a beautiful hotel. We were actually ungraded to a junior suite because we had asked for adjoining rooms. The bathrooms are very nice and spacious, with all the extras. The beds had comfy linens, also.Although it is a bit out of the mainstream and in a quieter area of the city (which i really liked), it is only steps from the subway which we used all the time. We got some very good rates, also. They were lower than indicated on this site. The staff was also helpful and friendly. I would definitely recommend it, especially to American tourists. 
Berlin is better in the Spring We had stayed in Berlin last year in February near the zoo and had only been moderately impressed with the city, but we decided to go back in April this year. What a difference Spring makes! We stayed in the Park Plaza on the eastern side of Berlin and were much more impressed on our second visit. We found it much more central being near the U Bahn and came across Hackescher Markt in the evenings which was buzzing with restaurants. Our stay was excellent, the breakfast buffet fantastic and they even made us a breakfast bag of goodies for our early departure. 
Excellent value for money       Bathroom 
Businesslike but cosy       Nice bed with an appropriate quote 
Super bathroom. Excellent value for money. This is a super newly refurbished hotel. I stayed here with work and was delighted by my room, well not actually the room itself but more importantly the bathroom. Its amazing how many hotels overlook a bathroom, but not here, my bathroom was huge, with an oversized bath and quality fittings all decked out in slate and glass. If like me you are a bathroom girl( although there is nothing wrong with the rooms themselves), then this is the place to go. 
Modern. Too modern :)))       restaurant outside 
Toilet flushing in the bed We had booked a room here for 3 nights, we only stayed 1 night, we couldn't have stayed one second more, even though it was prepaid and no money back!The construction of the rooms are such that the toilet with a glass door with a big modern hole in it, flushes exactly beside the bed which is situated less than app 40 cm from the mentioned glass door.The room had a tacky decor and had morning sun which heated the room totally even though we had the blinds down etc etc - a horrible experience.However, we were so lucky to get a room at another small hotel in Berlin, which opened just 6 weeks ago, this hotel had a so called open bathroom BUT with a seperate toilet with a door you could close, and we managed to save the holiday ;) 
Smart nice hotel       Photo 2 
Gets a big tick from us... My husband and I stayed here for long weekend (3 nights) in April 2007. The hotel was really great  I would highly recommend it. The staff were very friendly, especially the bar staff.....they make a mean GT! The rooms are very modern, spacious  clean with very comfy beds. Our room was at the back of the hotel, which we liked as it was very quiet. Location wise, whilst it is located in a business district it's still very central, it's on a quiet road, you can walk to most places and for those places further afield, it's in the middle of two Ubahn stations. The bar is good for a drink either before or after your evening out (stays open till the early hours) and the music was good...house/chill out but not too loud i.e. you can still have a conversation. Can't comment on the food as we didn't eat there but the restaurant was a big, bright and airy space. All in all we gave the hotel a big tick! 
Really good! The Wallstreet Hotel is an excellent option if you want a smart and clean hotel in Berlin. Location is not the best, but a U-Banh (underground) station is front the hotel, so you will spend no more than 15 to Postdamer Platz or 10 to Alexander Platz. Neighbourhood is very quiet with some close restaurants. Our room was quite nice, comfortable and sunny. I did not find any weak point in the Hotel. I recommend it, sure. 
Great Hotel Recently back from this hotel and it really made our trip.Location: Berlin is a big city so you will no doubt have to travel at some point. I would say this hotel is slightly out of it a bit but we did walk to every single major site in Berlin so it isn鈥檛 that far! It is right by an underground station so would be easy to get around even if didn鈥檛 fancy walking everywhere. It was only a 10 min walk to a cluster of restaurants and Alexander Platz, and I do think it would be a lovely location in the summer months, as it was close to the river.The hotel itself was outstanding value for money. Rooms are fantastic, very clean and well maintained. Staff were very friendly and made us feel very welcome. Breakfast is worth paying the extra for as there is a small selection of everything and we found it a relaxing start to the day. The hotel bar is normal hotel prices but was nice to have one drink there at the end of the night, again staff very nice indeed. There is a Lidl at the back of the hotel so can use that for any supplies if you wish.All in all, a really good hotel considering we paid 拢57 per night for the room and then an extra 拢10 each for breakfast. 
Great Value, lovely hotel Really nice hotel and great value we paid 280 Euros for 3 nights for a double room. Its located in a quiet area but near 2 U stations which can bring you into the heart of things. As other reviews have said freidstrasse is within 15 minute walk and have great shops!Irish Bar was DEAD, didnt even show the rubgy! Maybe we just unlucky but wouldnt go back in. Would recommend you get the U to Potsdamer Platz as there are so many restaurants and bars to choose from, atmosphere is great too. We ate in a Mexican and an Italian called Essence and both were really good. Berlin is a great city we walked up to the Museum quarter and then down to Check Point Charlie and the Brandenberg gate. Queued for ages for The Reichstag building... I mean ages almost 1.5 hours in the freezing cold. It wasnt worth it... if there is a queue dont bother!! Sorry ;-)Would recommend the hotel, our room was huge. Down side bed was like a brick, but our friends had a comfy bed. Breakfast is expensive we didnt eat here we went out and got it cheaper... but its supposed to be yummy.All in all would stay there again as it was great value and a lovely hotel... Berlin is great fun. 
Great Experience My boyfriend and I booked this hotel in advance for only 67euro a night! The value of the place, for that price was amazing. It is a very clean and comfortable hotel, especially for a young couple like us who usually rough it a bit more.The staff was very friendly and as long as you put a 'do not disturb' sign on your door, you shouldn't be bothered with the cleaning service until after you leave for the day.We got in late our first night and so went down the road to the irish bar, which was the only place serving after 10:30pm. it was decent.another night, we wanted a little snack before dinner, so we walked through the courtyard to the lidl supermarket to grab something and that was very convenient.The location of the hotel is perfect. Right between 2 metro stops and in easy walking distance to the 'center'. It was very quiet in our room, too.I highly recommend this hotel, if you can get that great deal as well!Enjoy! 
Wonderful hotel Superb Value! Just returned from two night stay in Park Pllaza Berlin.Immaculate facilities. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful.Central location, close to undreground. (All day ticket 5.20 euro zone A and B Great value. )Underground not disable friendly, some lifts and escalators but not always!Breakfast cost 16euro but worth it. Very good standard lots of choice. Excellent service,.Everything seemed new and fresh..Alcohol was expensive in hotel bar.Would def recommend this hotel for city break.Great value for money! 
Wonderful wallstreet Stayed for 3 nights in early December to take in the Christmas markets etc.The hotel had a great location; easy walking distance to Checkpoint Charlie, Museum Island, Friedrichstra脽e, Unter den Linden. There is also U-bahn stations close by to the Hotel.The Hotel is modern and chic, yet retro and comfortable. The rooms are great with a fabulous walk in showerThe staff were friendly with very good English and always helpful. We had room service on the first night and if it wasn't for all the goodies at the markets would probably have eaten in again!Most definitely recommend. 
Super Hotel   showReview(6574590, 'full');  
Great Hotel executive rooms to die for   showReview(6014143, 'full');  
Quiet but good!   showReview(5832972, 'full');  
Excellent hotel, great staff   showReview(5701187, 'full');  
Totally excellent hotel for the price paid   showReview(5624981, 'full');  
Good, stylish, modern well located   showReview(5624944, 'full');  
A new and well designed property!   showReview(5610252, 'full');  
Great   showReview(5322791, 'full');  
Brand new Park Plaza Wallstrasse       Room with Queen bed 
Todo gris   showReview(22838547, 'full');  
Bellissimo Park Plaza Wallstreet   showReview(22678941, 'full');  
Park Plaza Wallstreet - Pomp枚ser Name, durchwachsene Zufriedenheit   showReview(20522218, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(20550310, 'full');  
Che delusione!   showReview(19594456, 'full');  
Gutes Preis Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(19634414, 'full');  
Modernes Hotel in zentraler Lage, empfehlenswert!   showReview(19634413, 'full');  
consigliatissimo - centrale - stazione metro a 100 mt - Central Berlin/AlexanderPlatz 500 mt a piedi   showReview(19634412, 'full');  
Ottimo Hotel non solo per il rapporto qualit脿/prezzo ma anche per la posizione strategica   showReview(19634410, 'full');  
Si pu貌 dare di pi霉   showReview(19634409, 'full');  
sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(19634408, 'full');  
Chic et assez central   showReview(19634406, 'full');  
jederzeit wieder   showReview(19634405, 'full');  
Empfehlenswert   showReview(18525592, 'full');  
Bellissimo       lavandino 
Jederzeit wieder   showReview(18525591, 'full');  
alles in allem gut   showReview(18525589, 'full');  
Zentrale und ruhige Lage   showReview(18525588, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(18525584, 'full');  
Jederzeit weiter zu empfehlen!!!   showReview(18525583, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(17433365, 'full');  
Alles super :)   showReview(17433364, 'full');  
Gute Erg盲nzung in der Reihe der Arthotels! Wallstreet the best!   showReview(17433363, 'full');  
Buona scelta   showReview(17433360, 'full');  
Beim n盲chsten Trip gerne wieder   showReview(17433362, 'full');  
Alles ok!   showReview(17433361, 'full');  
original, kann strorend !   showReview(16584347, 'full');  
Sale et excentr茅   showReview(16584346, 'full');  
Top Hotel   showReview(16584345, 'full');  
sofort wieder   showReview(16584343, 'full');  
Super Ausgangslage   showReview(16584342, 'full');  
war jut   showReview(16584340, 'full');  
Buono   showReview(16584344, 'full');  
Super Lage   showReview(16584336, 'full');  
Gutes Hotel   showReview(15569395, 'full');  
Grand luxe en exRDA   showReview(15569397, 'full');  
So gut geschlafen wie noch in keinem anderem Hotel   showReview(15569396, 'full');  
modernes Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(15569392, 'full');  
Einwandfrei!   showReview(15569391, 'full');  
Immer wieder   showReview(15569390, 'full');  
super Lage und Anbindung   showReview(15569388, 'full');  
Jederzeit wieder   showReview(15569387, 'full');  
Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(15569389, 'full');  
super hotel in berlin-mitte!   showReview(14731206, 'full');  
Sch枚nes Designhotel   showReview(14731215, 'full');  
Lohenswertes Stadthotel       Dusche 
molto tranquillo   showReview(13978359, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(13978360, 'full');  
sehr zentral gelegen, sch枚nes Hotel in ruhiger zweiter Reihe   showReview(13978358, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(13978357, 'full');  
Stylisches Business Hotel   showReview(13978356, 'full');  
bester tipp f眉r berlin   showReview(13978355, 'full');  
Super Hotel: gute Lage, Preis/Leistung ok, Zimmerkomfort hervorragend   showReview(13978354, 'full');  
Sehr sch枚nes Hotel f眉r ein sch枚nes Wochenende   showReview(13978353, 'full');  
Gerne wieder, wirklich zu empfehlen   showReview(13978351, 'full');  
Verschlafen   showReview(13978352, 'full');  
witzige idee gut umgesetzt, zimmer sind f眉r den preis ok   showReview(13585155, 'full');  
zentral, ruhig, gut   showReview(13978347, 'full');  
Kann man empfehlen   showReview(13978346, 'full');  
angenehmes Hotel   showReview(13193921, 'full');  
Angenehmer Aufenthalt   showReview(13193920, 'full');  
Nie wieder!   showReview(13193915, 'full');  
Sono rimasta davvero contenta!   showReview(13193909, 'full');  
Immer wieder Park Plaza Wall Street!   showReview(13193918, 'full');  
Sofort wieder   showReview(13193914, 'full');  
Un tr猫s bon h么tel en plein centre de Berlin   showReview(13193917, 'full');  
Sch枚nes Hotel zu super Preis   showReview(13193908, 'full');  
Wei脽 sollte gepflegt werden   showReview(12345737, 'full');  
Parfait   showReview(13193907, 'full');  
ottimo hotel a berlino   showReview(13193906, 'full');  
Hotel dal design bizzarro   showReview(13193905, 'full');  
ich war sicher nicht das letzte Mal hier   showReview(11307573, 'full');  
witzig eingerichtet   showReview(11307572, 'full');  
Tolles Design Hotel in Berlin Mitte   showReview(11307571, 'full');  
Entt盲uschend   showReview(11307568, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(11307567, 'full');  
Kann man nur weiterempfehlen   showReview(11307565, 'full');  
Berlin pur   showReview(11307564, 'full');  
ist zu empfehlen   showReview(11307557, 'full');  
Ein sch枚nes und angenehmes Hotel.   showReview(11660576, 'full');  
Angenehmes ruhiges Hotel, zentral gelegen   showReview(11660575, 'full');  
Zentrale Lage   showReview(11660574, 'full');  
empfehlenswert!   showReview(11660573, 'full');  
gerne wieder   showReview(11660571, 'full');  
Interessantes Hotel   showReview(11660572, 'full');  
Super Lage   showReview(11660577, 'full');  
empfehlenswert   showReview(11660568, 'full');  
Sehenswert!   showReview(11442334, 'full');  
Sehr gut   showReview(11442331, 'full');  
Sehr zu empfehlen, gerne wieder.   showReview(11442327, 'full');  
rundum gut   showReview(11442326, 'full');  
Un nouvel h么tel bien situ茅 mais d茅pourvu de charme et de chaleur   showReview(11442332, 'full');  
h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 dans la partie est de Berlin   showReview(11442320, 'full');  
Berlin   showReview(11442325, 'full');  
Schlechter Service, gute Lage und KOSTENPFLICHTIGES WLAN!   showReview(14731205, 'full');  
Gerne wieder - super Lage - sehr ruhig   showReview(11493582, 'full');  
Gerne wieder!   showReview(11421654, 'full');  
W眉rde wiederkommen   showReview(11421653, 'full');  
excellent   showReview(11409338, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(11409337, 'full');  
Super h么tel proche des lieux de visites   showReview(11389769, 'full');  
Ruhige Lage, tolles Design   showReview(5963035, 'full');  
Neu, ruhig, sauber   showReview(11368820, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(11368819, 'full');  
Gute Lage / Guter Service   showReview(11368818, 'full');  
Sehr gutes Hotel in ruhiger Lage   showReview(11368817, 'full');  
Sehr gutes Hotel in Berlin   showReview(11342465, 'full');  
Preis-Leistung=OK   showReview(11342464, 'full');  
sicher wieder   showReview(11342463, 'full');  
