Lovely hotel I stayed in Adrema hotel in June while I was on a business trip, it was a great stay. Staff is so professional and served my needs. Very modern and well designed. At check in, staff were so professional, polite and paid attention to all details. I had an early flight and when I arrived at around 8 a.m, receptionist decided to give me a room although it was too early to check in, they understood that I had an overnight flight from Canada. My only concern is when it got busy in the evening; it was difficult to get my room service order placed, when I complained, room service explained to me in a very professional way that it was too busy and convinced me until I felt they made their point. I suitable for business travelers as well as for one lesuire. Lovely hotel 
Very Nice, Very Modern Very nice, very modern hotel slightly out of the centre. We got around with public transport and this wasn't a problem.Rooms were great. The bed was big and very comfortable. Our bathroom was very funky with a glass wall. The staff were all helpful. All the staff we met spoke english.Breakfast was nice but really expensive. We preferred to go to a little cafe 20 yards away and have coffee and a croissant for a couple of euros. There are a number of restaurants within a 10 minute walk for an evening meal.We booked this as a secret hotel through lastminute and it was good value 
Nice hotel in Tiergarten We spent four nights at the Adrema, and thought it was nice -- clean, with a decent-sized room. The bathroom was a bit exposed relative to the rest of the room, and one of the elevators was painfully slow, but the breakfast was good with lots of options. Some good restaurants nearby too.Our room was directly over the river, which made for a nice view, but there were also LOTS of bugs. We made the mistake of having the windows open one evening when our lights were still on, and were invaded by a swarm of bugs. So, we kept the windows closed from then on. Since it was May and still cool, that was not a problem.Tiergarten was a good central location for our trip (my husband had a conference), but I would not recommend it if you want to see central Berlin. Mitte or Friedrichstrasse would be better. However, it was not a bad walk from the Adrema to the Tiergarten Station -- about 10-15 minutes depending on how fast you walk. 
Decent hotel to explore a great city We stayed at the Adrema for 3 nights having booked a Top Secret Hotel Deal with lastminute and were very pleased.Clean, friendly and good value. The City centre was in walkable distance through the lovely tiergarten and along the Strasee des 17 Juni towards the Brandenburg gate. Two S Bahn stations (Tiergarten and Bellvue) and a U bahn station (Hansaplatz) are even closer and we returned via these in the evening. It was also convinient for visiting the many attractions in Charlottenburg.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful - we were delighted to be allowed to check in on arrival much earlier than the stated time - after a 2.30am start a power nap at lunch time was greatly appreciated.The rooms were fairly standard, clean and modern and unremarkable. Slightly disturbed by the strange spy holes (Circles of clear rather than misted glass) between the bathroom and bedroom?Overall a good hotel for a good price, contributed towards a very enjoyable break. 
Oh dear! Lastminute.com say this Adrema Hotel - 4* - Berlin  Feel the well-known Berliner Luft - the air of Berlin, while staying at this stylish hotel right in the heart of this amazing city. ... This is quite simply NOT TRUE. The hotel is a LONG way from the city centre attractions, and relies on either a tedious bus trip or a serious taxi ride. Not suitable for nipping back to or dropping shopping off, it takes at least 25 minutes each way. And, whilst the staff were fine, EVERYTHING is charged extra, even the robes. There was also a slightly defensive air about everything, as though actually they knew you weren't in the part of town you wanted to be in, but they were doing their best. The room was fine, (although there was an interesting vanity unit stuck in the middle with waterless taps?) and it was clean. However, the view was not good, and the room was overlooked by a large office block - hey, we could see them so they must have been able to see us! And there's a warning not to open the window because of spiders...? 
Superb hotel We'd just spent 3 days in a hotel in Docklands London.To put it mildly for 拢70 a night it was basic to say the least. So we were over the moon that the deluxe room at the Adrema costing roughly the same was sowell appointed. Thoroughly modern with an excellent bathroom and immaculately clean.We had the buffet on the Saturday night which was good value for roughly 拢10. The service was superb and genuine.We used Bellevue station which was about 20 minutes walk away, Two stops and we were in central Berlin.Thooughly recommend this hotel 
berlin in october nice hotel,good position,easy to reach the center,clean and comfortable rooms,nice restoran,good and fresh food,friendly staff 
Brilliant hotel well worth a visit Very nice hotel,we upgraded rooms for an extra 10 euros per night and for this you got a bigger room with river view and i would say it is well worth it.The hotel itself is modern and spotless.the rooms are excellent.We were bed and breakfast and the breakfast was buffet style and excellent,staff were all very helpful.The sauna was very good but the gym only has 2 treadmills 3 bikes and 1 elliptical trainer .The only downside about the hotel is it is a bit far from the city centre,about 1 mile but a nice walk ,or the bus 245 which has an excellent service.Overall i would say an excellent hotel well worth considering if you are visiting berlin 
had a brill time       View of Spree from 2nd floor room 
What a place We have just returned from our second stay at the Adrema hotel in two years, it really is a lovely hotel. The staff there are so helpful and friendly,the rooms are very comfortable and clean.. and the restaurant serves some fantastic food.Just to sit on the terrace bar and watch the boats sail by on the river Spree is worth the visit alone.The location of the hotel makes it so easy to visit all the major tourist sites.we will be back to enjoy it all again soon. 
Nowhere near 4 stars!! Expecting 4 stars, my girlfriend and I were very dissapointed when we were met with such rude and unnattentive reception staff, followed by a small room with a massive desk???, a shower that kept changing temperatures, and the exuberant hidden cost (15euro/day) of internet (the 4 star hotels I've previously stayed in do not charge for this). The location we thought was just too far from Berlin's hot spots, and the transports (and I do rate Berlin's transport system), was very limited, particularly trains. Perhaps if we had more time we could explore the area more, but from what we saw, it was pretty, but not really happening. Other problems included again rubbish service from reception when asking and clarifying information about Berlin, including waiting for reception to call back a 3rd time to organise a massage and then after 30minutes, having to follow this up to cancel, poor circulation of air in the corridoors, and ridiculously heavy doors to open throughout the hotel. But it's not all dissapointment. The breakfast was fantastic, and we recommend their croissants!!! We were on the road side and the traffic was inaudible.If this hotel really wants to be considered 4 stars, it needs a little more attention to details of comfort, a lot more attention to professionalism of reception staff. 
Funky, modern rooms Had a great stay at the Adrema. The rooms are very modern and beautifully designed, especially the bathrooms. Everything was exceptionally clean. The river view wasn't quite as spectacular as I'd hoped - I'd imagined being able to see a long stretch of it and across the rooftops, but it's quite a built-up area so you can't see all that far. Still, it was definitely nice to have, as opposed to just looking at buildings. In our room we had a flatscreen tv with remote, which also doubled as an internet terminal (though there is one in reception which you seem to be able to use for free). There was also a hairdryer, and (quite expensive) minibar and snacks. It was a real shame not being able to make tea and coffee in your room, though. As is common in Europe, our double room had two single beds pushed together. The beds were a bit on the soft side and gave me backache, and the pilows were very very soft and sort of formless, making it hard to sit up in bed. But the linen was all plain white and crisp and fresh.The breakfast is extra at 14 Euros, and another 3 Euros to have it in your room, which we did on our last day and I have to say it was worth it. It was very generous and our breakfast for one easily fed two people. There is a little greasy spoon on the corner where you can get a cheaper breakfast if you like, and a supermarket and Burger King five minutes' walk or so away (the restaurant is closed on Sundays).The Adrema is a little bit out-of-the-way, but it's only a short walk to either Tiergarten or Bellevue S-Bahns, or you can walk through Tiergarten or along the Spree into the central area of Berlin.The staff at the Adrema mostly spoke English and were very friendly and helpful. Reception was open 24 hours a day, which was useful when we wanted to get a cab at 2am.Although there was a bit of a feel of a business hotel about it, with a few conference-goers going in and out, we were there for a romantic weekend and it was fine for us. I'd definitely recommend it - in terms of value for money, we got a lot of designer bang for our bucks! 
very, very nice....modern and plush       bath and frosted door to shower/toilet 
Lovely Hotel, Not very good location Stayed here 14-18 Dec. Lovely Hotel but not a very good location as well as some others.We stayed on the 6th floor over looking the river (request this when booking) and had a great view of the city.It is situated in the suburbs with a lot of turkish restaurants. the area dosen't feel safe when you get off the bus but actually is ok.The breakfast is 14 euro a day but if you come out of the hotel and turn left on the corner is wee cafe that does a a very cheap breakfast for no more than 5.50 euro.If you need instructions on how to get to the hotel phone up and they will fax them to you. Once you get the hang of travelling to and from here its grand.I would certainly stay in the hotel again as I know how to get to and from no problem now but if you can get somewhere nearer to the trains stations P.S. There is no kettle amenities in the room that was our downside. 
Good river views This is a really nice design hotel located slightly outside the city centre. The hotel is located on the river and a large proportion of the rooms have river views. The rooms are very 鈥榯rendy鈥?with a glass fronted bathroom and the hotel restaurant is excellent (definitely recommended.) We got a really good deal on the hotel through last minute and if you can get a deal I would definitely recommend staying there however it is a distance to the centre (although it is quite a nice walk), the hotel lacks atmosphere and has no real lobby area + you have to pay to use the gym/spa facilities. 
Details matter Plus points: Good beds, power showers, modern design, excellent breakfast, spacious rooms.Negatives: Rude check in staff, overbooking (4 while when we arrived), bad German house music in the bar and restaurant, TV didn't work, truly awful cocktails.General : This hotel could be great if they employed better staff and paid attention to the details that matter, a great hotel isn't just about good design. 
Loved It My husband and I stayed at The Adrema for three nights in July and were just overwhelmed when we saw the hotel. We found our room to be beautifully modern, bed very very comfortable, all extremely clean, very well priced and in an OK location with friendly, helpful staff.Our room faced the road and we had no trouble whatsoever with traffic noise. The air conditioning was really needed as it was an extremely hot July and our room had full sun most of the day.We chose to walk to and from the underground which took about half an hour, and although it was very hot in Berlin it was an easy walk. There are many restaurants near the hotel and a beautiful cafe on the corner with the best coffee and most beautiful pastries. The open topped double decked bus tours really are a must and we also did a walking tour of the city which was exceptional.The Adrema is a fantastic hotel and if given the chance we'd definitely stay there again! 
Fantastic Hotel - Very stylish, good location, great service!               More photos 
Loved it This hotel is a fantastic value for the money. It is modern and clean. It had a very comfortable bed. The glass wall on the bathroom was a little funky (especially since I was traveling with my 15 year old son) but we got over it. The location isn't near anything but taxis are reasonable. We'd just take one to a location we'd want to see and then catch one back at the end of the day. The breakfast was extra but worth it. 
Fantastic Hotel This whole trip was a birthday gift for my boyfriend so I did do my research. The images online of the hotel looked fab so when i got there to say I was shocked was an understatement...The hotel is extremely impressive. The initial greeting from the staff on booking in was so polite and the hotel itself appeared very modern and clean. We stayed on the 3rd floor which was fine. Again, very very clean and well lit with lighting sensors so that you dont have to faff around looking for switches. The room was beautiful. It was absolutly fantastic and again so clean. Very modern. The staff in the bar / resturant were lovely. Greeted us everytime we entered and couldnt do enough for us. They went out of their way to make sure that we enjoyed our stay. Very Polite and really made an effort. we had breakfast at the hotel only which again, was fit for a king twice over... The hotel was located pretty central and unless your really idel and cant be bothered to absorb your surroundings then really walking to the main attractions like The Brandenburg gate should not be an issue. It probably took about 20-30 mins to walk Tiergarten and it was really pleasent along the way. Local cabs will stop for you at the hotel location - just thumb them - and they will tell you the places to go. All in all this hotel is finely located along the River Spree and is dead romantic in the bar on the evenings when it gets dark and there is little noise. The staff are great and we will definatly be going back there again.!!!!!!! 
Beautiful rooms; OK location, Ok services       Bathroom 
Buen hotel, con cuartos...   showReview(20890679, 'full');  
Sehr gutes Hotel mit nur kleinen Sch枚nheitsfehlern   showReview(19640306, 'full');  
excellent rapport qualite prix   showReview(19640305, 'full');  
Metropolitana un po' lontana   showReview(19640304, 'full');  
agr茅able et bien situ茅   showReview(17439929, 'full');  
Angenehmer Aufenthalt   showReview(17439928, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(16612686, 'full');  
Alles OK!!   showReview(15564437, 'full');  
Tolles Hotel unmittelbar an der Spree und nahe zu den Sehensw眉rdigkeiten   showReview(14730629, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(14730630, 'full');  
Nicht beeindruckt   showReview(14730628, 'full');  
Guter Durchschnitt   showReview(13984233, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(13984232, 'full');  
Alles perfekt ausser   showReview(13984230, 'full');  
Allgemeine Beurteilung   showReview(13984231, 'full');  
schade   showReview(13984229, 'full');  
F眉r den gebuchten Preis okay   showReview(13195789, 'full');  
Alles Super!   showReview(13195786, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(13195785, 'full');  
Es gibt besseres in Berlin   showReview(13195782, 'full');  
Gerne wieder, sch枚ner Blick auf die Spree   showReview(13195781, 'full');  
Jederzeit wieder! Absolut zu empfehlen!   showReview(13195788, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(13195783, 'full');  
Sehr gutes Hotel empfehlenswert   showReview(13195784, 'full');  
super Preisleistungsverh盲ltnis, wirklich 4 Sterne wert!!!   showReview(11315299, 'full');  
Top Hotel   showReview(11315298, 'full');  
Preisleistung gut   showReview(11315297, 'full');  
Sehr entt盲uschend!   showReview(11315296, 'full');  
gutes Hotel   showReview(11315295, 'full');  
Das geilste Bad von Berlin   showReview(11668478, 'full');  
No se merece las cuatro estrellas   showReview(8523009, 'full');  
Das Adrema war hervorragend!       Blick aus dem Fenster 
Sehr sch枚nes Hotel direkt an der Spree   showReview(11434114, 'full');  
gut erreichbar und nah genug am Zentrum   showReview(11434113, 'full');  
Auf jeden Fall wieder...   showReview(11434111, 'full');  
In der Preisklasse kann ich auf schnippische Angestellte verzichten   showReview(11434110, 'full');  
esperienza soddisfacente   showReview(11415407, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(11399890, 'full');  
Immer wieder   showReview(11399889, 'full');  
Sch枚ne Aussicht   showReview(11399888, 'full');  
Preis - Leistungsverh盲ltnis stimmte   showReview(11390445, 'full');  
Gute Unterkunft   showReview(11384610, 'full');  
s茅jour tr猫s satisfaisant   showReview(11374772, 'full');  
Soweit so gut ...   showReview(11366012, 'full');  
Nettes Hotel an der Spree   showReview(11366003, 'full');  
Gerne wieder   showReview(11351310, 'full');  
Nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11351301, 'full');  
Geschmackvolles Hotel   showReview(11351309, 'full');  
Wenn wieder Berlin, dann wieder ins Adrema   showReview(11351308, 'full');  
Super Hotel, immer wieder gerne.   showReview(11351306, 'full');  
prima geklappt   showReview(11351303, 'full');  
Un buon hotel a Berlino   showReview(11351302, 'full');  
decevant pour le prix   showReview(11334021, 'full');  
ottimo   showReview(11333142, 'full');  
