Not so good experience The hotel was quite convenient to all the major sites, however.... if you get a room overlooking the Arno river, you could be in big trouble with street noise. We were on the 2nd floor for 2 nights and all we heard were ambulences and people yelling on the street. When we asked to be moved, we were told that the 5th floor rooms would be an additional 65 euros. Also our toilet seat was missing a gasket, so every time you sat down you slid onto the porcelin YUK!). They were unable to repair the seat because it was Saturday, and we received no apology. The satff appeared disinterested in virtually any of our concerns. 
Perfect,just perfect.       duomo Florence 
Great Location; Pretty Good Hotel We traveled to Italy for 2 weeks with another couple, and Florence was the second stop on the trip. We had seperate rooms throughout our entire vacation, however, decided to get one family room for Florence as to cut down on a portion of expenses. We assumed family room meant that it had 2 double or queens bed like in the US, but we were wrong :) It had 1 king bed, and 2 cots. We had a room on the 4th floor, great views of the River Arno, you could basically jump right into it, we were so close. We didnt hear any street noise as some of the other reviews said. The bathrooms were large and clean, though careful not to slip in the shower, it slopes downward into teh drain, so you're not standing on flat ground while you're showering (was kind of odd). The breakfast was average, they dont serve eggs. It was a 10 minute walk to the Duomo, and a 15 minute walk to the Accademia, great location. It was a 2 minute walk to Ponte Vecchio. Besides the comedic sleeping situation, the hotel was great. FYI, there is an awesome deck overlooking all of Florence on the 5th floor. We watched the sunset up there with a bottle of wine and some cheese, and it was awesome! 
Beautiful view Excellent location, clean rooms and helpful staff. The 4 rooms on the 5th floor are newly remodeled, with wonderful views of the duomo and the ponte vechio. I would definately recommend this hotel! 
Good value on the Arno       Hotel from the far side of the Arno river 
Great stay We had a lovely stay at this hotel, and especially enjoyed being able to take evening strolls along the river to Ponte Vecchio! The hotel is central, staff were friendly, good breakfast and spacious room. Can't fault this hotel! 
5th Floor is a must! My wife and I just returned from a 15 day trip through France and Italy, and this hotel was the best of all that we stayed in. The location was perfect, right on the river, with wonderful views and restaurants/winebars/etc. all within a couple minute walk. There is also a great English bookstore two blocks away in case you forgot that travel book like we did. The title of my review says 5th floor a must as that's where we stayed (room 503). It was just incredible, more like a suite than a room. There are only 4 rooms on the 5th floor, 2 that face the river and 2 that face Il Duomo. The ones facing the river have their own private balconies with a table and 2 chairs that's embedded in the roof so you have complete privacy. The other side of our room had a portal window that framed Il Duomo, got a great picture of that. The rooms that face the city, share a large balcony with chairs and a couch and table. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, anytime if they can get the 5th floor, the lower floors have many more rooms so may be smaller, not sure. 
good time at balestri       Night View of Arno from Room 
Hotel Balestri Hotel was a nice old hotel. Large room. Location was excellent 
cerritosTotomom My son and I just returned from Florence, the hotel location is excellent. Very clean and staff were helpful in making reservations to day trips. 
Great facilities for wheelchair users Great location - almost on the Uffizzi doorstep! This was important aas my partner is a wheelchair user and Florence is well known for it's cobbled streets and uneven pavements! We had a fully accessible room on the fourth floor with a balcony really overlooking the river Arno, great view of the Ponte Vecchio. We were anxious that we'd get put in an accessible room, out of the way, but this was not the case - the room was great. The staff were helpful when needed, but unobtrusive - they didn't try to take over as some well-meaning people do. They helped appropriately - when asked to do so. The room was very clean, very comfortable bed, nice sheets and blankets. Bathroom was excellent - a bath and shower, plus a separate shower with a seat that my partner could use easily.The only thing that could be improved really was the breakfast, and I see that other visitors have commented on this. The coffee was weak by Italian standards. The cheese and ham was tasteless, jams and spreads were 'cheap and nasty' - traditional supermarket fare really and I wanted better. 
Brilliant location Brilliant location, really close to the Uffizi and other major attractions, and overlooks the River Arno. We were lucky enough to have a room with a tiny balcony, lovely views. The rooms are large, and comfortable, quite plainly decorated. Staff were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to friends. 
Well located Hotel This hotel had everything required for a few days sightseeing break in Florence. We were out all day and evening so we were not looking for 5* trappings. It was close to all the major sights, yet away from the noise and busy streets. Our room was clean,spacious, light and airy overlooking the Arno; it was comfortable with good air con. and had a large bathroom with bath and separate shower with plenty of hot water. It was a pity we did not notice the blackout blinds in the bedroom until our last morning!!! The staff were courteous and helpful at all times. The breakfast was more than adequate for the morning sightseeing. The hotel was close to a City Tour bus stop - we used the A and B routes several times just to take in the sights. If you do not prebook Uffizi and Accademia, try going much later in the day to avoid queueing. Great food market at Piazza Santa Croca. Did not see another hotel I would have preferred to have stayed in. Would recommend Balestri Hotel. 
Great experience - Thanks to MARCO!       Room - view from door 
Rooms were old; Some staff members were rude Rooms were old. Bathroom looked like a poster child for 1960's design. Although most front desk people were helpful there was one (bald guy) who was extremely rude and unhelpful. But, the hotel was very helpful in prebooking tickets to the Uffizi and the Academy. 
close to everything!! We arrive in Florence and we find this hotel,very close to the arno and to the uffizi.the room are to small and old but the atmosphere is nice and friendly,the parking is very expansive.breakfast so and so.augusto 
Great little hotel in Florence Very nice hotel and room for the money. The room was spacious with a balcony. The bathroom was roomy as well and had newer fixtures. The bed was very comfortable. The furniture (sort of ikea-ish) seemed a little incongrous with the rest of the decor, but that is a very minor point. The lightswitches were well placed. My room was on the backside of the hotel. The rooms that overlook the river might be noisier. I liked the location. Although not centrally located, Florence is a small city and you can walk everywhere. Concierge was happy to make dinner reservations, confirm my flight, and give me weather reports. The breakfast was nice, though not outstanding. Be sure to ask for espresso if you want a 'real' cup of coffee. 
Would definitely NOT recommend I did not like this hotel at all. While the lobby was nice, the room was a dump! It was dirty and dark. The walls between rooms were paper thin and we could here the people next door talking. The staff was also not friendly nor helpful. The only thing good about the place was the cheap rate. 
Great stay! Terrific room and location! My wife and I stayed two nights in October in one of the newly renovated rooms away from the river. The room was both large and very stylishly modern, exquisite, with a large outside balcony. Great bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was excellent with a wide range of selections and coffee made to order. The breakfast room itself is large and well lit by huge windows with a great view of the hillside across the Arno.The location is hard to beat, most all sights are within walking distance. The walk is quite short to both Piazza della Signoria and Santa Croce. For gelato lovers, Vivoli is nearby in the maze of small streets. One can definitely have two different experiences in this hotel. I had stayed there two years ago in one of the older rooms on the river side. The room was adequate and the view was great, but I prefer the newer rooms without the view and would request one in the future. I felt it was a better bargain.We will certainly be staying there again. 
Great stay Stayed 5 nights in late February 2008. Good quality, good breakfasts, great location. 200m to that bridge. Restaurants Benvenuto, Acqua Al 2, Anita, and pizzeria Mastrociliegia all good VFM. 
great stay We stayed at the Balestri in mid November visiting our daughter in Florence...the hotel is located a few blocks from the Uffizi Gallery and right on the Arno River. You can see the Ponte Vecchio from some of the rooms. It is a five minute walk to the Piazza Della Signoria and the rest of the historic district...The hotel is still undergoing some renovations, although most are done. The outside looks great, and the lobby is almost finished. Nonetheless, nothing interferes with the enjoyment of the hotel. The staff were, for the most part, courteous at worst and really helpful at best.The staff in the breakfast room deserve extra kudos for their professional but very attentive manners. The breakfast is cold, but expansive, and you will not go away hungry...The rooms (we had two - a single for my mother in law and a triple for my wife, me and our second daughter) were very nice. Ours was the better of the two, facing the river with two balconies and a great view up the hills on the other side of the city. The street noise was not bad, as the windows were tight...but then again, it was cold while we were there and we kept them closed most of the time! In summer, they would certainly let in street traffic sounds.There is no restaurant in the hotel, but there are several within a two minute walk - the Tratorria Benvenuto being the best we tried. The real beauty of the Hotel is its proximity to all you want to see in town, while being just off the busy path that most hotels are on.I/ we would go back in a minute..the best complement I can think of! 
Loved it! Excellent hotel... great value for money...we stayed at the elegant Hotel Balestri for 3 days and loved it.. we had a large room overlooking the river, very quiet, clean and comfortable...the staff were friendly and helpful... and they have a beautiful dining room and friendly service...also the location is perfect, the hotel is right on the river in Piazza Mentana and is a few minutes walk down to the famous Ponto Vecchio, Uffizi gallery, Piazza della Signoria, and Santa Croce. Also a short walk across the Ponte Alle Grazie bridge up to the Piazzale Michelangelo lookout where you can take picture postcard photos looking out across the Duomo and all of Florence..this is best done at sunset! I would recommend this hotel to anyone.. 
Very nice hotel along Arno River       View from hotel room window 
Great location, helpful staff: i'd stay there again!! I found Hotel Balestri on the web and decided to book in because it was relatively inexpensive and well rated. It lived up to my expectations. It was pleasant, well-lit, and clean. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Everthing from ordering a cab, to using their computer, to cashing traveller's checks, to checking in and out was effortless. The location, across the street from the Arno and 5 to 10 minutes from the major sites, is wonderful. The room was small but if you are not planning to hold a party there, it is perfectly comforatble!! My room faced over the city with a nice view of Brunelleschi's dome, and it was very quiet. I didn't eat there so I have no opinion of the food. I would recommend Hotel Balestri to anyone going to Florence. Grazie per tutti Hotel Balestri. 
Recommend this hotel - good value! On our arrival we were greeted by really friendly english speaking hotel staff - they were helpful throughout our stay providing directions and great recommendations for places to eat. Room was large with a large simple bathroom including bath and shower. Room was more than adequate and comfortable with a large window. Although we didn't have a river view, our view was still more than pleasant as it opened onto a little piazza. Breakfast was great in charming surroundings. There was a wide variety of food with good coffee served by the staff. Easy to fill up for the day!Overall, we would recommend this hotel - staff were great, room was comfortable, clean and large and breakfast was good! 
Excellent room and Location       View of the Arno from our room 
Not the best Our room was on the fourth floor and was one of the smallest we have ever stayed in. We literally had to climb over the bed to get round the room. The bathroom was equally as small and we were put off to see numerous cracks and chips in the bath.Breakfast was very average indeed and the two staff, one male and one female both middle aged on breakfast duty every morning were not the friendliest.Dont think the hotel represented good value for money and I wouldnt recommend it. 
great location, very comfortable I stayed at the Hotel Balestri with my parents for one night in May, 2007. Our room was #223, for 3 people, facing the Arno.The hotel is an excellent location, in small piazza along the Arno, easy to find and convenient to the Piazza della Signoria, Santa Croce, and the Oltrarno. Our room faced the Arno and had an excellent view. It was spacious, and the bathroom very nice, featuring both a shower and a tub. The room had two large windows, great for the view, but a bit noisy at night when we left them open for the breeze. The TV had channgels in Italian, English, French, and German-- great selection. Decor was minimal, but just looking out the window made up for it.The staff were helpful and friendly enough, if not especially outgoing. On our final day, we ordered a taxi at the front desk, then successfully hailed one in the street to get to the station faster. The woman working the front desk seemed very angry that we had hailed our own taxi, and she tried to have us unpack our bags from the trunk and wait for the one she had called, which was a turn-off, but at that point we were leaving, so it didn't matter. At another point, a woman tripped in the main lobby, and the man behind the desk made no action to help her or even inquire if she were alright.Breakfast was served in a very comfortable and elegant space, though the selection wasn't huge (pastries, fruit, cereal). The music selection (contemporary pop, disco, and rb) seemed a bit out of place. You can pay extra and order more food, like eggs.Nickel and diming continues with the internet terminal in the lobby, which is inviting but also costs extra. At these prices, free internet would not be hard to provide, since the computer is always there and always turned on. I laughed and walked away when the woman quoted prices-- 3 Euros for a half hour, I think. Cheaper at an internet cafe down the street.There was some minor remodeling going on in the stairwell and on the floor below us, which was a bit annoying, though the workmen were friendly and always eager to get out of the way when we needed to pass.Overall, we were very happy with this hotel. 
A nice place to stay in Florence My wife and I stayed there in march. The hotel was nice, the room nice, if a little spartan, and the location absolutely fantastic. Breakfast was good and staff nice and friendly. Some of the other reviews are beyond my ability to understand. Elevator small but fine. My wife and i would both stay here again. the Hotel was not as plush as the vis a vis in sestri levante or the pensione accedemia in venice, but at 120 euro the price was right. 
Don't Stay Here My husband  I stayed at the Hotel Balestri for 2 nights in February. While I do not recommend this hotel, I can't find fault with its location - across the street from the Arno River, a short walk to the Ponte Vecchio, Santa Maria Croce and the Uffizi. While the hotel was under renovation during our stay - that wasn't even the issue. The front desk staff were so rude! The woman who checked us in (early afternoon) seemed so put off when I asked if she had a map of Florence (this was in stark contrast to our stay in Rome and Venice). There always seemed to be two people at the desk in the evening - an older gentleman and a kid (I'm sure he was older than a kid but to me he looked 15). The older man couldn't be bothered to acknowledge us and the younger man seemed uncomfortable to be there. The breakfast was by far the worst of the three hotels (Hotel Nazionale in Rome and Hotel Doge Orseolo in Venice) and barely edible. Stale bread - ugh! I would not stay here again - I know there must be better! 
Could be better       Bedroom 
Good hotel       room 
you can do better We chose Balestri because it is very close to the Uffizi. In general, location was great. Breakfast was great too.getting there we took a bus, left us about 10 minute walk across the river. On the way back to the station, we walked through town for about 15 minutes. Reception desk people were not very friendly, the night guy (older) was particularly rude. Our room was bare and bigger than avg for Italy, which in december meant very cold. We didnt have temp control in the room, so we were pretty much freezing the three nights we were there. cold floors, old small heaters.For the price ($125/night off season) there are better places in florence. 
Excellent Family run Hotel one block from the Ponte Vecchio. Room was large and had two windows overlooking the Arno. Everything was clean and tidy and the breakfast was good. Not very expensive either. Good value and very central - about 5 minutes to Santa Croche. 
Very pleased with the Balestri The Balestri has a great location in Florence, just a block from the Uffizi and right on the Arno river. We had a great view of the Ponte Vecchio from our room. The staff were very helpful, the room was comfortable, and we had one of the more spacious bathrooms we found in our trip to Greece and Italy. Breakfast was wonderful, served in a charming dining room. We couldn't have been happier with this hotel, it was very convenient for sight seeing and dining. We walked from the hotel to the train station and back when we were taking a side trip, but with luggage you'll be much better off with a taxi. 
super hotel and location This hotel has a great location, next to Arno River and down the street from Ponte Vecchio. Minutes away from main attractions. The room was clean and the breakfast was great. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay here next time in Florence. 
Pleasant Hotel, Good location       View from the window 
Easy Location and Lovely Rooms This is not a luxury hotel, but it is a very comfortable, gracious, and updated hotel with a charming lobby, excellent breakfast, and terrific location. The Uffizi and Santa Croce are less than a five minute walk away. The staff was helpful with dining suggestions. We were unable to stay in waterview rooms but we did book through a tour operator and probably were given standard rooms. The rooms, despite the non water view, were fine, good sized, and comfortable. I would definitely consider this a very pleasant reasonably priced spot for exploring Florence. 
The Best place to stay! Our stay at the Hotel Balestri was our best expereince in all of Italy! The hotel is exquisitely designed with very clean rooms that are the most spacious I have every stayed in in all of Europe. The staff was VERY friendly and very helpful and went out of their way to assist us, especially during a taxi strike. The location was on the banks of the Arno and away from the crowded alleys of Florence. We had a great view from our room! Very close to the Ponte Vecchio and the Ufizzi. 
Not Highly Recommended Hotel Balestri, though a nice property with a great location, was not our favorite in Italy. We found the staff to be less than courteous. The lobby is beautiful, but the rooms were a bit worn and dirty. Many rooms have a lovely view of the Arno and Ponte Veccio, but you can only open the terrace during the daylight hours due to bugs in the evening. Their breakfast was fine. 
A very nice hotel ! The three of use stayed here June 16-June 19th.The location is excellent, close to the Ufizzi Gallery,Science Museum, Santa Croce church.The room we had, overlooking the river was very clean. The washroom was large and clean.The staff was very friendly and helpful with all our questions.Breakfast was in a very nice dinning area and quite adequate.We were very pleased with this hotel and would definitely stay here again. 
very clean we stayed at hotel balestri on june 12. we were very pleased on how clean the hotel was and had a very pleasent scent. the staff were very kind and helpful and spoke perfect english. Hotel balestri was in a great location walking distance to everything. make sure you ask for a room with a river view. it's beautiful! 
This place is great! This was the first of two hotels we stayed in in Florence, and the Hotel Balestri was by far the better of the two. We upgraded to a room with a balcony that overlooked the river. View was georgeous!! Location is perfect- you are only 2-3 blocks from the Ponte Vecchio and are in a great location to explore Sante Croce and the neighborhoods across the river. Breakfast was fine- nothing fancy but good. We would stay here again without hesitation. 
Recommend This One!       View from our Room 
Best Location in Town You couldn't select a better location in Florence. By the River Arno, many rooms have a view of the famous Ponte Vecchio but you have to pay a hefty suppliment for a river view which on balance is probably worth it. The Balestri boasts a history of more than one hundred years but efforts have been made to keep it up to date, although the huge air conditioning unit in our room was maybe a step too far. 
Excellent Hotel Balestri in Florence We stayed at this hotel at the end of February and it was the right choice. You are a just a very short walk from the main sites in Florence. The hotel is spottlessy clean and our room, facing the river was spacious. We also had booked a single room for a friend of ours and also this room was quite big considering it was a single. Breakfast is fine and the staff are friendly and helpful. As quite a few Italian hotels they are equipped with old style shower (at least our room was), with a curtain and the floor used as shower floor, but this is a minor detail because the room , the bathroom and the shower curtain were spotlessly clean.When we go back to Florence the Hotel Balestri will be definetly our choice again 
Nice clean rooms overlooking the Arno River Close to all of the attractions. has a funny odor when you walk in the lobby, however it is not in the rooms. Bathrooms are large and clean, beds comfortable. Make sure to see the Duomo. take the bus to the Michealangelo plaza, a gorgeous view of Firenze. Staff are helpful, breakfast ample enough to keep us full for a long day of sightseeing. Great price. 
great location, wonderful service This hotel is a couple of blocks from the Uffizi, the Ponte Vecchio, and Santa Croce. At the same time, being on the river and on on a small plaza, it does not have the closed-in feel of most of the rest of downtown Florence. I liked the spacious lobby and common area, and the helpful and friendly staff. Everything about this hotel met or exceeded our expectations. 
Great Hotel, good location We really enjoyed our stay in Florence, especially at the Hotel Balestri. It is in a good location close enough to everything. We had a view of the Arno and really liked it. If you stay here, try the Trattoria da Benvenuto on Via De' Neri (1 block away) for some good Tuscan cuisine. Although the service may put you off, the food is good. Hotel was clean, breakfast was nice. Only complain, small showers. Very small showers. No room to move around. All else, very nice place to stay and friendly staff. 
It was a fine hotel. We stayed 2 nights here in December. The rooms were good size for Europe and clean (though there was a funny smell in the bathroom that we were able to take care of by pouring fresh water down the drain in the middle of the floor). It's a bit of a walk from the train station-I recommend a taxi, but its location is perfect for seeing all of the sights. One side of the hotel is located on a busy street hence some road noise-maybe request a room not on the river side. The staff was ok-not real friendly and maybe a bit disdainful, but all in all I would recommend this hotel. 
Hotel Balestri--Best Hotel in Florence!        
Spacious comfortable and clean room We were given, on request, a room overlooking the river. Room very spacious, clean and comfortable. We particulary liked the large comfortable sofa in the room - it made a lovely change from either perching on the bed or sitting on an upright chair to read or watch the TV - very relaxing. Good bathroom with everything provided (including hairdryer).Staff very efficient. Breakfast buffet had a good choice.The position of this hotel is ideal - just a couple of minutes' walk from the Uffizzi - ideal for nipping along early and missing the queues! 
Superb ! Don't miss ! The best hotel in Firenze, in my opinion.We stayed 12 days on a double room on the 2nd floor. Be sure to ask a room with river view, especially on the 4th floor where you also have a terrace.The rooms are super clean, the bed is also great, large and soft. The bathroom is super, with 2 showers. The cleaning service works perfectly.The hotel is situaded in a very good area, the best in my opinion, you can reach all the major objectives in few minutes, the Uffizi galleries are within 100 meters close.The breakfast is also very good.If you go to Firenze, i sincerely advise you to go there !!!Yours, Buju 
Loved this place!!!!!! My husband and I stayed in this hotel this past June and had a wonderful time! The room was huge and I requested a view of the river and got it! I could not believe I could see the Ponte Vecchio from my room! The front desk was hit or miss as far as how helpful they were, but for the most part, they were fine. We are pretty self sufficient travelers. The front desk did recommend some great restaurants, but lets face it, there are a ton of great restaruants in Florence! I would definately stay here again! I recommend going accross the river to the Piazza Michael Angelo at sunset, it is the most beautiful view I have ever seen! It could not be captured no matter how many pictures I took! 
Balestri was the Best              
Great Hotel We stayed for 6 nights in early October. The location is magnificent - the Uffizi is three minutes away. Ask for a room directly overlooking the Arno. Ours was spacious, with two balconies and a modern ultra-clean bathroom. Breakfast was fine and the staff are uniformly friendly and helpful. This is a thoroughly professional hotel fully reflecting its long tradition of service. Highly recommended. - VJ. 
Great Location and value We stayed here at the beginning and end of our trip. First two nights were in a room on the third floor, which was very modern with a large and clean bathroom. The street noise outside is almost totally eliminated by the excellent windows. Staff was courteous but not intrusive. Breakfast had a large variety of items for Europe. Location is superb, one block from the Uffizi gallery and most rooms have a view of the Ponte Vecchio. Our room for our last night was on the first floor. It was not quite as nice as our third floor room, but still a large bathroom. Overall this hotel is a terrific value and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a moderate priced hotel in Florence. 
Wonderful location Stayed for 2 nights from 26/10/05 Wonderful big room and spotless.Breakfast served until 11a.m. and it was an excellent breakfast. Water, juices, coffee, a huge selection of teas. Fruit salads,yogurts,cereals,criossants, various rolls cheese , hams jams etc all served by the courteous and quiet staff. Some re decorating being done in room on ground floor. Hope it is a bar as at the mo the bar is the breakfast room-not quite the right atmosphere.Also rooms for disabled availableWould use again ,good hotel, brill location 
Great Location Great location right near Uffizi and Ponte Vecchio. Large room and bathroom (especially for Italy). Nothing super fancy, pretty basic but they definitely try to Americanize it as much as possible. Very clean! We were very pleased with it. Would stay there again. 
Lovely room with a great view This would have been one of the best hotels that I stayed in over my two month trip in Europe except for one thing - the water temperature in the shower varied from freezing cold to scalding hot from one minute to the next. I only stayed two nights so I don't know if it was an ongoing problem. Other than that, the room was comfortable and spacious, the view from the balcony was wonderful (I could see the Ponte Vecchio), the air-conditioning was a huge plus, the price was right and the location was the best (only a couple of minutes walk from the Uffizi)! Staff wasn't the greatest but with all the pluses this hotel offers, it wasn't a dealbreaker. I'm surprised this hotel wasn't booked up months in advance when I went. 
nice view Spent one night here. Had a nice view of the Arno river. Quite surprised that the air conditioning worked so well. Seemed like the bathroom was redone and it had a nice tub. No problems with having enough hot water in the morning. Breakfast was very good. Large selection of fruit, breads, pastries, meat. Hotel staff very helpful. Close to everything. View of Ponte Veccio from window, one piazza away from Uffizi. 
A great deal on a very good hotel I just returned from a visit to Florence and stayed at this fine hotel. It is very conveniently located, only a few blocks away from the Uffizi Gallery. We had a nice room overlooking the Arno River. The staff was very, very helpful and knowledgeable. The room rate was 80 euros a night, which included a buffet breakfast. Very importantly, the hotel is air conditioned. 
Wonderful Stay!   showReview(3708392, 'full');  
Great hotel in a lovely location :o)   showReview(3623160, 'full');  
Good value 3 Start hotel in the centre of Florence   showReview(3475596, 'full');  
Wonderful 4 Night Stay   showReview(2812763, 'full');  
Familiar and very central location.   showReview(2500457, 'full');  
Family Friendly   showReview(2304871, 'full');  
Huge room with a view   showReview(1222985, 'full');  
alright--good price   showReview(985838, 'full');  
Eccezionale Hotel a pochi passi...   showReview(22881462, 'full');  
Est谩 muy c茅ntrico y quedamos...   showReview(22074109, 'full');  
Mindestens zum 10.mal waren wir...   showReview(20133087, 'full');  
TRES BON ACCEUIL ET TRES BONNE...   showReview(20329099, 'full');  
Un hotel 脿 taille humaine au confort exceptionnel.   showReview(19645734, 'full');  
excellente adresse   showReview(18243470, 'full');  
Meravigliosa Firenze   showReview(17376853, 'full');  
Hotel muy tranquilo y con una...   showReview(17240623, 'full');  
un hotel estupendo para disfrutar florencia.   showReview(15302176, 'full');  
Ottimo, posizione centrale, prezzo adeguato.   showReview(15578616, 'full');  
Posizione ottima per la visita...   showReview(16725656, 'full');  
Un tr猫s bon endroit pour visiter Florence et la Toscane   showReview(14735005, 'full');  
H么tel bien situ茅. Belle et...   showReview(13748462, 'full');  
Hotel in ottima posizione ma la...   showReview(12908770, 'full');  
L'hotel 猫 abbastanza buono, la...   showReview(13163428, 'full');  
MUY BUENA ELECCION, ES UN TRES...   showReview(11381270, 'full');  
El hotel esta a menos de 5...   showReview(11381269, 'full');  
He estado en Florencia 4 dias...   showReview(11381271, 'full');  
Hotel tr茅s bien plac茅, bon...   showReview(11381273, 'full');  
Belle chambre avec vue sur...   showReview(11381272, 'full');  
C'est un bon h么tel 脿 quelques...   showReview(11381274, 'full');  
Magnifique   showReview(11446944, 'full');  
Bien situ茅 et tout 脿 fait correct   showReview(8140622, 'full');  
L'h么tel Balestri est...   showReview(11381275, 'full');  
muy bien situado   showReview(7314016, 'full');  
OTTIMA STRUTTURA VICINA AI...   showReview(11381276, 'full');  
Wunderbares Haus in traumhafter Lage   showReview(6774878, 'full');  
Excellente situation   showReview(11372342, 'full');  
La ubicaci贸n es inmejorable, si...   showReview(11381278, 'full');  
Positionnement id茅al pour...   showReview(11381279, 'full');  
Hotel magnifique, situ茅 de...   showReview(11381280, 'full');  
Tutto adeguato alla vacanza che...   showReview(11381281, 'full');  
銈儷銉庡窛娌裤亜銇цΤ鍏夈伀渚垮埄   showReview(19156148, 'full');  
Todo coincide con lo ofrecido...   showReview(11381282, 'full');  
Sicuramente da tenere in...   showReview(11381283, 'full');  
Excellent 茅tablissement, tr猫s...   showReview(11381284, 'full');  
Garage disponible en dehors de...   showReview(11381285, 'full');  
Molto ben tenuto e posizione...   showReview(11381286, 'full');  
Ottima la colazione inclusa nel...   showReview(11381287, 'full');  
Posizione incantevole. Cortesia...   showReview(16725142, 'full');  
La ubicaci贸n y la vista son...   showReview(13548469, 'full');  
