Fantastic Stay!! I just returned from a ten day stay at the All Seasons Legian and had a fantastic experience. My best friend and I stayed in a deluxe room on the ground floor, which came with a closed outdoor shower--perfect for rinsing off sand from the beach. The room was clean, the decor was new, and it was spacious enough. The staff greeted us by name and the service was exemplary. More importantly, we felt safe. The hotel offers 24 hour room service which is convenient and super cheap. Everything was priced at USD 5.50 and under. They also have a cafe with an extensive menu, which we frequented. The breakfast buffet was okay, but you can get a tastier and cheaper breakfast at any number of places near the hotel (such as Wayan and Friends, a five minute walk). We also went to the spa several times and the treatments were great. The service is friendly, the treatments are good, and it was clean. The concierge was helpful in planning activities and organized drivers for us so we could leisurely explore the island on our own. The only thing that we disliked was the beach. It's five minutes away, but it was completely polluted. Apparently, in the rainy season a lot of the trash washes into the beach and ocean. It was shocking. We imagined pristine, Hawaii or Australia-like beaches, but perhaps that was lack of research on our part. We still rented beach chairs and umbrellas, but never once did we go swimming in the ocean. I'm sure that you can get a taxi or driver to take you to nicer beaches elsewhere.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to the Kuta/Legian area. You simply cannot beat the value for money and the rooms are great. If I ever return to Bali, I would absolutely stay here. 
Stellar service! The service at this charming hotel property is first class!!! The value you receive for your money in terms make up for the fact that this hotel is not located on the beach (it's a bit of a walk actually). You find All Seasons Legian to be comfortable and very relaxing. 
Not my thing If you want to stay in a good clean hotel with a nice pool then this will suit you but it does not have any of the traditional characteristics of Ballinese culture. I felt that the staff there to make as much money and profit from you as possible. 
loved all seasons We recently spent 2 weeks at all seasons resort at legian. We had a great stay, the staff were all very friendly and helpful. The rooms we had were superior and were fantastic plenty of room and very clean and modern. The buffet breakfast was really good and always plenty of food to eat. The pool was lovey and clean, we will definately stay there next time we are in Bali.The only criticism would be people were allowed to smoke in the dining room which was not very pleasant when you are eating breakfast. Otherwise everything else was excellent 
Fabulous Hotel!!!!       Clean bathroom 
Home away from home We have stayed at the All Seasons 4 times now over the last 2 years and love the hotel and have made many friends now who are my second family whom work at the hotel. I highly recomend this hotel for it service, clean fresh rooms, lovely staff and great atmosphere.And the best service from Sukerni and Dewi and the General manager who goes out of his way to ensure your stay is great......Giselle and David.. Western Australia 
number1?? Why may I ask?? Ugly 'modern' decor in an island known for its cool design, very un-Balinese, always out of the food you want (mango, yogurt...), the place is nothing special... It is clean, staff is friendly but not that helpful-woke up our friends who had specifically asked not to be disturbed (jet lagged)...All in all, everyone here seems a bit clueless. Kuta is not renowned for its culture or class, but I do think there are better options around...If you really are clueless, maybe stay here for one night and then figure out another place to stay! 
Good Times at All Seaons       room, looking into the bath from the bed 
Personel Attention at All Seasons. We have stayed at All Seasons last year and returned this Oct 2008. As we were looked after by an enthusiactic young team, in house keeping, restaraunt, and reception. We had a very enjoyable stay and all staff were there to please. Our room was cleaned every day, and the breakfasts and meals were 1st class. The hotel is positioned close to the beach and among the shopping area so we did not have to walk far. We will be returning in Oct 2009 as we can only highly recommend All Seasons to any one planning a trip to Bali 
A GREAT HOLIDAY AT THE ALL SEASONS       Rooms close to pool 
What a great place!       View from our balcony 
Loved the All Seasons We have just got back to Melbourne,after 8 days at the All Seasons,legion.We fell in love with the place.We have been to Bali many times and usually choose to stay in one of the older hotels along the beach.On our last visit,we walked into the hotel and liked it so much we decided to book it for this trip.There were 6 of us travelling together,my husband,my son and his girlfriend(22yo) and our friends.We were in Bali for the wedding of our Daughter at the Bali Niksoma.When my daughter saw our rooms and bars,she said she would prefer to have stayed with us.Our rooms were immaculate and very modern.Kind of Porter Davies homes style.The grounds were very nice and designed beautifully.You didnt have to kill your self trecking to your room.The pool area was modern and clean and we were usually able to find some spare banana louges.We found there was plenty of sun and came home with great tans,but we could also find shady spots if we wanted to.We had room service around the pool many times and staff were friendly and efficient.Also used the pool bar.Service here was great.We also often found ourselves lingering in the Sky Bar after breakfast and also in the evening.It was great to sit there with a cool drink and watch the world go by.Breakfast was exactly as I expected.The usual hotel stuff.We loved the reception area and often met up there for a chat and to plan our days.Overall we loved the All Seasons and cant wait to go back in May 2009.Was definately the nicest hotel we have stayed in in Bali,and we didnt miss the beachside at all.The location is perfect for easy shopping,massage,restrants and bars.It was always so good to arrive back at our little oasis though.All staff are super friendly and appear so happy.Even the Gen Manager often took time out to sit and chat with us,which we thought was a special touch.Great Place to Stay!!!!! 
Bali Holiday We have just enjoyed 2 weeks holiday at the All Seasons Resort Bali . I highly recommend a stay at this Hotel . The staff from the General Manager to the Cleaning staff made us very welcome . The room was very comfortable and clean . Thanx for a wounderful 2 weeks will be back next year 
Just OK My friend and I stayed here 4 nights en route to another island. I cannot see what the buzz is about. The 鈥渄eluxe鈥?room was very small...NYC small. We could barely fit our luggage in the room. From what I could tell they have two types of deluxe rooms. One is the size of the regular rooms (small) with the added outdoor shower and one was a little bigger and also had the shower. I was told all deluxe rooms are on the ground floor which means zero privacy and zero sunlight because you have to keep your shade down all day - the pool and the people are literally a few feet from your door most of the day. If I went back I would not pay extra for a deluxe room. The open air shower in the back really isn鈥檛 as great as it sounds. It鈥檚 covered so you can鈥檛 see the stars at night so why shower outside in the humidity? Plus there is no lock on the door from the bathroom to the outside shower. Although covered, it could easily be broken into.Cons: The bathroom shower was dingy and gross despite the cute tiles. However, it was big and did work. The 鈥渟afe鈥?in the room was a joke because you are given the code by the person showing you your room. You cannot change it. The pool was crowded all day and you had to put your junk on a lounger to 鈥渞eserve鈥?it very early in the morning as there were not many and lots of people who wanted them. The pool area was crowded most of the day with groups of young Australians - like college age -who all smoked. It was a kind of a party hotel and atmosphere. Fine if that鈥檚 what you want. The entire staff was very young, all under 23 which did not lend itself to a professional atmosphere.Pros: The courtyard and pool were pretty. Locations was pretty good. AC worked well in the room. Hardly any bugs. The cafe was OK. There was a mini-market and ATM super close.The hotel was fine for our purposes but definitely nothing special. I would not stay here again and would try someplace else next time. 
Great location, Nice and New.       Night view from room 
Great modern hotel       poolview from balony 
All Seasons Allgood Just back from Bali,Stopped in Ubud first then The All Seasons.What a place, cant rave over it enough.Very modern decor.Great young staff ,forever smilling and helpfull with all residents, especially Dwi what a nice helpful person. Many Bali hotels are tired and need work, not this place.Will we go back?? yes we shall return in March 2009 
Absolutely Fantastic I would just like to thank all the staff at All Seasons Resort Legian for there fantastic service. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. An extra thanks goes out to Fitri and Dwi for there outstanding level of service with there extra friendly smile. Thankyou so much you made our hoilday, and couldn't speak highly enough of your fantastic resort. Carn't wait to come back! Rob and Amy 
Very good clean modern hotel Stayed @ the All Seasons from Aug 7th -16th. Found the rooms to be modern  clean with the staff always willing to help. The swimming pool was nice  clean with ample deck chairs available. There is a 2nd small pool which we thought was meant to be a spa however the temperature was the same as the large pool. The hotel is a 5 min walk to the beach  has loads of restaurants etc nearby. Was about a 15min walk into the heart of Kuta which was a comfortable walk or alternatively hop into a taxi. Breakfast is served from 630 to 1030am each day, did go most days, missed a few breakfasts due to sleeping in. Is your standard budget Bali breakfast -cereal, toast, crossiants, eggs, muffins, donuts, noodles, rice, juice, coffee. My girfriend  I didnt have any issues with the breakfast, obviously gets a touch repertitive by the end of the week. However if you dont like it breakfast is avl @ numerous places all within a 5min walk.Overall good hotel, would recommed.Joe 
Staff is like second family for lonely traveler       Front lobby 
Modern Hotel In A Traditional Country I selected All Seasons, taking into consideration its price, location and high ratings on Trip Advisor.Overall, I think it was quite a nice hotel, with a very modern setting. Vibrant colours were used throughout the hotel, including the uniforms of the staff!The room is clean and spacious. However, the room we stayed in, had a slight problem with the bathtub, where water tend to overflow to the floor. The bed is comfy, though the sheet feels a little weird. But it didn't impact us having a good night's sleep.The masseurs at the hotel spa were great! My friends and I went for a late night shower and massage at the hotel and we all truly enjoyed it. If you do stay at All Seasons, do check out the spa!Staff at the hotel are generally friendly and helpful. An example would be when we had asked for a late check-out due to our late flight, even though the front desk staff rejected our request, she had offered for us to store our luggages at the concierge. What was delighting was that she had offered for us to shower at the spa, should it be necessary. It was a very pleasant surprise and nice gesture.In my view, the worse part of the hotel is the breakfast. The spread is small and the food taste below average. We were supposed to have 4 breakfasts at the hotel, but we skipped 2 after giving it 2 chances.Overall, I think All Seasons is a hotel where one should consider when visiting Bali. 
Fantasic 3 Star. Highly Recommmended! I spent a wonderful 3 days in this beautiful hotel. the rooms are clean and smartly decorated and thought out. I had a deluxe room that opens directly to the pool and includes and outdoor bathroom. I highly recommend you spring for the deluxe room. Very relaxing and calming place that is a walk or cab ride near anything else you migth want to do. note the pool is small and it does not get much sun. If you are interested in tanning you walk to the beach (an easy walk if you are fit) where you can broil yourself in under an hour. It seems that the pool is not for long term haning out. People seem to come in for an hour or two and then go on their way. I would not recommend the Spa. it is overpriced for what you get and some of the services I got (maicure and pedicure) were horribly executed. This has also been my experience in other spas so perhaps its not just this one. 
Great Value! Clean room, well maintained, friendly staff and overall great value.Contrary to some reviews, the location and distance to beach is absolutely no problem. Good location between Kuta  Seminyak - close enough to all the action in Kuta, yet just far enough for some peace  quiet. Walking 5 mins will take you to Legian beach (which btw is nicer than Kuta), and 15 mins to Kuta or Seminyak (faster by bike or cab).To top it all off there's a nice little spa to unwind after a long day (or night!).Definitely coming back! 
Loved the staff I have just returned from a week at the All Seasons Hotel, Legian Bali.. The hotel is excellent money for value and I have never experienced such incredible service by all the staff from front office staff, to cleaners to restaurantt staff to the Manager. . It was great to go to a hotel with staff who could speak English very well, and wanted to improve it all the time. I was very impressed with staff, who are all learning different languages to aid all travellers of the world.It was what you would call a shop to you drop holiday and sometimes I couldn't wait to get back to the wonderful enthusiastics staff, to have a giggle with them at all my shopping. and my sore feet.The security staff at the hotel was excellent, nothing was a bother and of course very friendly.I stayed in the deluxe room with the outside shower which was magnicant to use. Breakfast everyday - there was enough choices to satisfy the hungriest of people. The staff I cannot say much more than they are so friendly and always service with a smile and from day 1 remembered your name...impressive.The pool is lovely, bit cold for this time of year, but nevertheless had a dip or two.....please do not cut the frangipani trees down as I believe it gives the pool area a great Bali atmosphere. The pool bar attendants were wonderful, nothing to hard for them to please. They enjoyed mixing with the guests but never over stepping the boundaries and improving their English all the time. The Day Spa attached to the hotel was a wonderful experience a tad expensive but worth it for pampering.Overall I would say this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in on an overseas holiday .and perhaps if all you want to do is mix a little luxury with a shopping holiday or just relax around the pool, this is an absolute must .I enjoyed every minute of my time in Bali and I will recommend this hotel to all who say they are going to embark on a Bali Holiday.10 Stars for this hotel.... 
Beautifull place, friendly staff I stayed about ten days in this lovely hotel. Near beaches and shops. But that wasn't the best thing.. The whole ambiance was great! Very friendly staff, they are helpful and always have time to make a conversation. There's a spa and a great swimming pool! I loved my the luxe suite, close to the deck chairs and the pool bar. 
Enjoyable Hotel good location We have just returned from 2 weeks in Bali, 5 nights of which were spent at the All Seasons in Legian 4 June to 9 June.This is a modern hotel, not large but across the road from the Padma. Rooms were bright and functional, the ground floor deluxe rooms go directly onto the pool area.Breakfast was basic at $8-00 each, dinner was very nice and well priced. Staff were very friendly and efficient.The only downside was the pool was cold even in the middle of the day. If this could be improved would be an excellent base to explore the Legian/Kuta areas. 
Fantastic!       the toilet, and the door leading to the outdoor shower 
Outstanding Hotel..shame about the buffett breakfast We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights as part of our package in the tour and absolutely LOVED it...great rooms (worth the upgrade), great pool (terribly cold at night though!) and great atmosphere.Highly recommended but the breakfast really could do with some variety; we had the same breakfast for 3 days at the buffet cart and it was a little bit disappointing. Tables took too long to be cleared while guest waited, food took too long to be replaced when empty at the buffet carts and hotel was charging kids for the meals when they looked to be only 5 or 6 years of age. We thought that was a bit too much.But thats Bali for you; everyone is out to make money from tourist.We moved to casa padma down the road at the end of our stay here (terrible experince at casa) and eventually settled on a backpackers lodge/bed and breakfast called bamboo on the main kuta street.I recommend this hotel (all seasons) to anyone who isn't so sure what they will get in a room and are a little bit sceptical with what websites present and promise. You can't go wrong with this wonderful hotel. 
One of the better hotels in Legian All seasons Legian is well located for quick access to beachesshopping  nightlife. On arrival it is impressive by presentationof the staff, cleanliness, spacious, facilities, and bright coloursmake this resort a great choice for value. The pool is good well maintained but not deep so the no diving signs may actually mean something!! The restaurant is good,outdoor bar great, room service menu choices lacking behind,Use of the SPA treatments massage service a must soon after arrival, although you may pay more than outside, it is unique.Overall a very good choice for value, service, friendliness, and very well maintained rooms  grounds. Worth re-visiting.Darren (Queensland, AUSTRALIA) 
One of my fav I stayed in hotel for about 4 days and I absolutely love it. the hotel is very clean, it's neat and i got free breakfast and they gave a free 15 minutes message. it's lovely....i love the pool, even thought it's not big but the pool is very nice, very clean and the decoration of hotel just awesome. i highly recommended the hotel. the location is actually very close to kuta beach, and the local shopping district, it is a little bit isolated but it's worthy. at that time i buy a voucher from travel agent it's cheaper, it cant be refund tho, if you really sure you want to stay in the hotel, i suggest you buy a voucher instead. i only paid US$45 a night.they offer breakfast and internet. the internet i found quite expensive, it was 12.000 Rupiahs which is about US$1.25 for 30 minutes and I'm Indonesian and i found it quite expensive for 30 minutes. Usually 1 hours for 8.000 rupiahs (US$0.80). the food from the hotel is great. i order a caramel mango for dessert and OMG you need to try that. they have a good pasta too. I pretty much just stay in the hotel and eat the hotel food. i went to Bali more than 3 times and i think it's great place to stay...... 
Aewsome The hotel was lovely. Very clean and tidy. Great breakfasts. Friendly and helpful staff. Fixed any problems immediately. Good value. Would stay again for sure. Good location away from the busy kuta but close enough to walk everywhere. 
Nice hotel...fantastic value The All Seasons is an excellent option if you don't want to / don't have the budget for one of the big Resorts in the area.The Pool area is in the centre of the complex and is 'infinity' style with waterfalls and a jacuzzi and plenty of decking to catch some sun. However, the layout of the surrounding rooms means that the light is gone after about 3pm.The Hotel offers a restaurant and a Sports Bar which are relatively busy on an evening and avoid the usual practice of over-charging residents; prices are competitive with local venues.The rooms are actually incredibly spacious considering the price, with a sitting area, partitioned closet space with refrigerator and a massive bathroom with seperate outdoor shower. In-room internet is available for a charge, but this is slow and not particularly cheap.Location wise, this Hotel offers the best compromise for those who do not wish to stay somewhere with nightclubs and bars on your doorstep, but there are many shopping, eating and drinking options along the same street. However, the Hotel is relatively secluded and very quiet.The main tourist areas in Kuta are a taxi-ride away or a long walk along the nearby beach.The Hotel offers fantastic value for money ( I paid only 40 USD a night ) and provides enough facilities to make your Vacation enjoyable in case you don't like braving the sometimes over-bearing and agressive vendors....although a little bit more expensive, I opted to have a massage at the Hotel spa and it was one of the best I have experienced.Staff are polite and very helpful. 
It's ok, but convenient location The place is ok. Can't expect much from a 3 star can we? Breakfast is fine, selection's pretty good but the set dinner is quite disappointing. Room's ok, quite nice. The pool is small but it serves its purpose. This whole resort is clean and pretty basic. What i like about it is the location. It's not as busy as Kuta but not as quiet as the other places outside kuta-Legian area. There are nice bars along the road and they serve variety of western food and taste good too. The bars would normally have live bands performed by talented locals. There's a local restaurant nearby serving delicous local food and my favourites are the bumbu bali fried chicken and the cha mixed vege with prawns. Many shops to do shopping for local products and cheap dvds. Overall, all seasons is quite a retreat for its location though the famous Legian Beach is quite a distant (about 10 minutes stroll). 
What a great place       pool area 
love it! the hotel was great. it was near to the beach. The room was clean, neat, modern, and fresh. it's cheap, only about 60 dollar. I stayed with my family for 2 nights. The only bad thing was the swmming pool. It was only 1,2 m. The spa was pretty good. the location was great! u can find stores and beach near the hotel! The food not bad, you can pick your own pancake! it's perfect for families! 
One of best places to stay       Room 
Comfortable and simple, with attentive staff.       The hotel rooms and the swimming pool 
Fresh and Vibrant Hotel! Over all the hotel and staff were very friendly and thoughtfull.The reception staff are friendly, the rooms are a good size with a big not so hard not so soft bed.We had a room with pool view and was very nice in evenings.The spa was sooooo nice both of us had a 60 min massage and it was very very nice and proffessional.The staff love children, my kids were 15months and 4 years old and they played with them a lot, they would take them for walks around the fish pond where we could see them while we were eating.The cleanliness was very good although we stayed 10 nights and our room was cleaned every day but the toilet was just kind of wiped round so in the end i bought my own cleaner from shop down the road.Location is good if you dont need a pushchair or pram as the roads are very bumpy- very bumpy.Be prepeared to be hassled by sreet vendors and beggars.Food- the breakfast buffet consisted of the usaual eggs, sausages then fruit and buns etc......We ate at our hotel most nights and the hotel food is very nice with a good range to choose from.Every one must try the fried icecream we had one every night- scrumpsious.The sky bar was great with 2 screen and shows all sports and is open till all hours.The pool is very relaxing with a modern obver flow feature, also had a kiddies pool.Have a great stay!!!! 
All seasons legian Staff great My son, sister and I stayed about 8 nights in this hotel. The staff were wonderful. They accommodated our needs and desires with a smile. As we are learning Indonesian they spoke in bahasa indonesian slowly and corrected our words when they could. We also spoke in English when we were tired . There was a woman working on reception who was particularly good and another working in the dining/ sky bar, Fitri who was wonderful. Thanks for an enjoyable stay. 
Simply Brilliant This hotel is unbelievably good. Excellent location for shopping, beach just metres away, walkable distance to numerous fabulous restaurants and nightclubs. Brekky at the hotel is good value especially if you pre book and get a rate for around $6 for all you can eat. Lots of restaurants are within any travellers' budget as you will be amazed what $5 AUD buys. You can get the best breakfast at Lanai's, Zanzibars, or Blue Ocean for $4 AUD which incudes a beachfront view for about a 3 minute walk from All Seasons. These restaurants offer funky and happy cocktail hours too. Plenty of action down there and popluar with the expats and Europeans who love fine dining. Plan on $6 which will get you a beer or 2 plus a meal.Back to All Seasons, it is a beautiful hotel because the staff are all very young and committed to making your stay special and they go out of their way to address you by your name and do extra things for you. It is spotless, safe, with water bottles supplied daily for free, Tea and Coffee making facilities, and beds are of course perfect. White towels and linen give it that Zen look. 
Good quality, good service and pretty ok location       view from balcony 
Chic and friendly hotel       Hotel bed 
Relaxed and friendly Having returned home from Bali to Melbourne, my 3 friends and I are missing our holiday to the All Seasons Legian and its' staff.The All Seasons accomodated 4 of us with warmth for 11 days. The deluxe poolside rooms had very comfortable beds which allowed for a good nights sleep each night. Hotel beds are usually hit and miss but not the ones at the All Seasons! The rooms were well appointed with creative use of the bathroom including an indoor an outdoor shower - perfect for private showers in the tropical Bali climate.The manager Kahar, and his staff provided us with professional service but with the warmth of genuine friends. The staff at the hotel really look like they enjoy working at the hotel - it shows in their approach to their customers. All together I felt at home at the hotel. It was an excellent place to stay for a great relaxing holiday.My friends and I will definately return. 
great budget option good budget hotel. price was around 399,000 rupiah when we stayed. parents in one room and myself with sister in another. nice pool and decor. has a 45 minute massage included in our tour package, but the hotel threw in another 15 minutes free. also a free fruit juice as a welcome drink. prices at the hotel bar is fairly exorbitant, compared to cafes just a few minutes walk away. nearest beach is 5 minutes walk. just turn left from the hotel, walk till the end of the road then turn right. poorly lit in the night and waves too high for swimming. hotel has no lifts, but the porter is always available. my room was on the 3rd floor and parents' were on the 2nd floor with a small balcony looking out to the pool. generally quiet and comfortable. room was not big, but spacious enough for 2 people. 
Great Bali Experience       Honeymoon Welcome 
Not too bad..       pool 
Such a disappointment       Swimming pool 
Nice and New and Good Location   showReview(7169891, 'full');  
Loved this   showReview(6843347, 'full');  
great hotel!   showReview(6713807, 'full');  
Recommended Hotel 'n Loved it Very Much!       All Seasons at Night 
What a well kept secret this Resort   showReview(6437008, 'full');  
Good location at the right price       swimming pool 
Recommended Hotel       View to the pool 
great value in a fantastic spot   showReview(4018607, 'full');  
瀹夈亜銇戙仼鍏ㄧ劧銇嬨倧銇勩亸銇︺偄銉紒銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(22855437, 'full');  
鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺仹鍒╃敤   showReview(21417567, 'full');  
銈偢銉ャ偄銉仩銇戙仼銇濄亾銇屻倛銇嬨仯銇燂紒   showReview(21332232, 'full');  
銈偢銉ャ偄銉仹銉曘儸銉炽儔銉兗   showReview(21745109, 'full');  
銇婃墜闋冧尽鏍笺仹銈偗銉嗐偅銉栥伀閬庛仈銇欍仾銈夈兓銉汇兓   showReview(20814039, 'full');  
銇┿亾銇歌銇忋伀銈備究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19914534, 'full');  
娓呮綌銇у揩閬┿伀閬庛仈銇涖伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19170664, 'full');  
銈偢銉ャ偄銉仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19168043, 'full');  
