out of the way but nice My two friends and I stayed here when we were traveling around Italy. We stayed two nights. There were three of us. The room was a good size and was very clean.The location is a little far. You can walk to the city center in a little over twenty. If it is hot you may want to take a taxi.The breakfast was good.Staff was friendly.Exercise room and nice bar with food. 
I (hearted) Starhotels My boyfriend and I visited Italy in the Summer of '06, and while in Florence we stayed at the Starhotels Michelangelo, and it was fantastic. Granted, the hotels in Venice and Rome we stayed in were cheaper and a lower class, but this is still the nicest hotel I have stayed in in Europe for under $100 a night. I am a hotwire.com supersleuth, and always manage to figure out the actual identity of the hotel. Expedia is its partner site, and you can usually compare the star ratings and amenities to narrow it down, and if they give you the original price on hotwire you can be 99% sure of the hotel. So, we managed to book this hotel for $99 a night, which added to its charm. While it was a bit difficult to find and a decent walk from the center, the interior more than made up for it. The rooms weren't huge, but we weren't planning to spend a lot of time in them anyway. The bathroom was fabulous and immaculate. Everything was clean and crisp. There were even slippers and good toiletries provided (I know, not really that exciting, but I had just finished grad school (read: I was poor) and we were paying NINETY NINE DOLLARS a night). The staff was very helpful - they helped us with our Ufizi gallery tickets and gave us general information, like where we could find a nearby grocery store. The breakfast wasn't the Four Seasons, but there is so much variety you are bound to find something that you like. Even the walk to the center wasn't bad - you can walk along the river and get a lot of great photos as you approach the town. If I could get this room at a similar price again, I would definitely stay there again. 
Friendly staff, good price We stayed two nights in Florence, in the Starhotel Michelangelo. The hotel building doesn't look very promising on the outside, but the inside is recently renovated and has all you would expect from a four star hotel. The personnel at the reception desk is very friendly and allways prepared to help. The rooms are very comfortable and clean, small minus is you have to pay for wireless internet access. Distance to the city center is approx. 1.5 km, but this is more then compensated by the relatively cheap price you pay for a four star room and there are also busses to the center every seven minutes (bus stop in front of the hotel). Would certainly recommend this hotel to everyone who's looking for a comfortable place to sleep in Florence at a fair price. 
Good Experience We booked an executive room in the hotel, which was really lovely, it had it's own sitting room which made our stay even nicer, particularly after a busy days site seeing. Florance is wonderful and well worth a visit.I would stay in the hotel again, however, the breakfast was poor and tasteless and what is it with Italian hotels they don't know how to serve a hot cup of tea!I would recommend this hotel, but go out for breakfast. 
Fantastic Rome StarHotel Michelangelo is really close to St Peters (5 Minute walk) and you could see it from our room, if you stuck your head out of the window 3 foot. The room was of a good size and standard and clean but you would expect that from a 4 star. However the reception were not very helpful and were only interested in selling us expensive tours, the breakfast was really good but evening prices were high and bar prices for a drink were to. There are quite a few places just around the corner to eat and drink at which are half the price of the hotel.Get a Roma Pass for 20Euro, you can use the public transport for 3 days for free and you get 2 entries and discounts to museums. Buses run from the corner of the street, take the number 64 to Piazza Venezia and from there you can walk to most things if you dont want to bus hop.Make sure you go to the top of St Peters, ther are a lot of steps but its worth it just for the view, its awesome.Take guided tours to jump the lines, we waited an hour and a half just to get in to the Sistine Chapel but got a tour round the Colosseum for 5 Euro and jumped the line, no waiting at all, plus you get in there free with a Rome Pass.Hope you enjoy Rome, its very beautiful. 
Very nice place to stay This was a very nice place to stay and close to the sites of Florence. I would stay here again. 
Beautiful city We stayed at the Star Hotel Michelangelo - a wonderful hotel. Great breakfasts; extremely clean - we really couldn't fault it. The only small minus was that it was a good 10 minute walk to the centre, though it was a pleasant and varied route through some lovely shopping areas. However, it had the bonus of being very quiet. We felt extremely safe in Florence, even late at night. We saw a lot of Florence on a hop-on and hop-off open top bus and did our own trip to Pisa by train. I would highly recommend both the city and the hotel. 
great place       bedroom 
Great Choice       Breakfeast 
Nice business hotel My husband and I had to change our plans on our honeymoon. So we decided to find a hotel in Florence that had business services, laundry and a restaurant onsite. We wanted to have these amenities to help us plan the rest of our trip. The hotel is very clean and the staff are pretty friendly. There were some that were nicer than others. They did recommend some great restaurants and helped us with getting around Florence. The hotel offers a free shuttle service into the center of the city which is really nice since it is about a 20 minute walk from the hotel. We liked the location because it was not in a noisy location. It was close the river and was perfect for us. If you want a romantic place, this is not it. But it is great for comfort. 
Dissapointed in hotel, ammenities  I recognize that a 4 star hotel in Europe is often not a 4 star hotel in the US, sometimes not even close, as is the case with the Michelangelo, where most of the money was apparently spent on the lobby are bar area. For starters, despite Hotwire listing it as being centrally located, it is roughly a mile from the start of the touristy area, so despite another (obviously very fast walking) reviewer claiming it was 10 minutes to things, I found it to be irritating, as there are very few shops or restaurants anywhere around the hotel.Secondly the hotel made a lot of claims in their literature which simply weren't true. satillite TV means about 12 channels, the only one of which was in English being CNN. They offerred a pay movie system similar to many hotels, with about 5 movies in English, but during our 6 day stay, trying to purchase at all times of day and night (when we were tired or bored or longing to hear something other than CNN), at least on 20 different occasions, the system always said system unavailable. When we inquired with the generally aloof staff, they said their system was like a VCR and when others are watching movies it is unavailable. Well they must have 1 VCR and 1 copy of each movie, as we certainly tried our damnest to watch one.The airconditioner was quite loud, so much so I usually turned it off at night as it would wake me up. Also the carpet they have, both on the floors and as a type of wainscotting on the walls was badly faded in part, and had numerous places where it was stained in a splatter sort of pattern. The tiny shower (I know, fairly typicaly in Italy especially) was made worse by it having a shower curtain rather than a glass door, which didn't stay put when showering and tended to pull inward and stick all over your body. We also ordered room service one night, which was not inexpensive, and it arrived fairly timely (about 25 minutes) but cold.Now, it's not all bad. The free breakfast was good, the beds and pillows very comfortable, and the rooms generally clean. I also know I nitpicked a lot too, but for the money, there are better hotels to be had. If you are a local, or an Italian business person visiting on business, and have a car (they have a garage and there's a pay lot across the street too) then this might well be the place for you. For tourists, familes, etc. I would not recommend this place at all, as you will waste a lot of time walking and will find the ammenities frustrating. 
Comfortable but lacks atmosphere I chose to attend a conference in Florence at the last minute and this was one of the listed hotels. The lobby and indivual room furnishings are certainly worthy of 4 stars. The hotel itself is located on the edge of the historical city - in fact my 4th floor room has a very close view of one of the watchtowers. The staff were without exception courteous and helpful. Room service seems to be linked to the good but rather pricey hotel restaurant, ending at 10pm, which may be a pain if you arrive late and paying 5 euros for a bag of minibar peanuts doesn't appeal. A small supermarket two small blocks north and to the right stopped me having to pay minibar prices for bottled water in the stifling August heat.I was slightly disappointed by the breakfast as reviews on here had led me to expect great things. It was ok but the coffee was foul, the bread was old and things like cappuccino were extra. I also found myself getting up earlier and earlier to avoid tour parties descending en masse and taking all the good stuff like a plague of locusts. The free shuttlebus to the airport was a bonus and the hotel is an easy walk (10 minutes at a slow pace) from the central railway station. All in all, this is a good hotel if you are on business or conference, and a comfortable base if you are a tourist. However it adds little to an authentic experience of Italy. 
Nice Rooms, Nice Lobby -helpful front desk and wait staff Hotel was centrally located within 10 min walk of Ponte Vecchio.Rooms were clean -we only had a shower however others on our tour had a tub. Each room varied in size-Nice firm queen bedBreakfast was good-usual fair, rolls, fruit,eggs etc however our tour included a dinner which was very skimpy. My husband was hungry after dinner. 
Excellent value hotel Stayed here with my husband on a short city break in August 2005. On arrival at the hotel we found that we had been allocated a smoking room. A phone call to reception sorted out that problem and within minutes our luggage was transferred for us to a non-smoking room. The room was nicely furnished, clean and modern. We were impressed with the facilty to select the type of pillow you most prefer! Breakfast was good but you have to ask for cappucino or latte. It seemed that if you weren't Italian you didn't get this unless you asked the staff directly! It was a fair walk into the city centre, about 15-20 minutes on a hot day, but you can stroll along the riverside if you don't want to walk through the streets.Loved Florence and would definitely return and stay at this hotel. 
very nice hotel the starhotel michelangelo is a typical 4 star business hotel but it also offers some great services that are not that business-orientated. a lot of other reviewers have mentioned the delicious breakfast buffet and the free internet. but to me and my girlfriend, the free bike rental service added a lot of fun and charm to our trip. we asked for two bikes on the day of our arrival and rode along the river before sunset, the scene was truly beautiful. the hotel isn't exactly in the city center, so it's really great to be able to ride a bike to wherever you want to go in less than 10 minutes. we got a great deal on hotwire, for less than $100/night, so it was absolutely worth it and we'd love to return. 
Great Hotel       Lobby 
Starhotel Excellence! My girlfriend and I stayed in 3 different Starhotels in Italy and found the all to be quite nice. I was pleasently surprised by the Starhotels Michelangelo. The room was very clean and modern. The staff was quite friendly, one lady at the front desk in particular that helped us find our way around. We spent some time at the bar in the lobby after a long day of touring and found it to be very relaxing. They also have a fine dining restaurant downstairs that looked good but pricey. The only drawback is that it was outside of the town center. It takes about 20 minutes to walk to the Duomo or 5 minutes by cab ride. Other than that I would definitely stay here again. 
breath of fresh air checked reviews before i book this hotel. one of my favorite hotels in several trips to europe. staff was great always their for any questions. room was better than nice, breakfast was very good. it is a bit away from the center of florence, but considering the nicenest of the hotel its wort it 
Nice 3 Star - Kinda like the Marriott Using hotel standards in the US, I would say this hotel is a solid 3 star like a Marriott. It's not a four star because the decor is not quite there. Our room had somewhat tacky decor - with red carpet being used as the decoration up to the 'chair rail'. Also, the room size is average. It's a good business style hotel. A HUGE plus was that they had excellent airconditioning that was still on in October. My friends stayed in a 5 star hotel where they airconditioning system had been turned off for the season and they were attacked by mosquitos all night. Starhotels Michelangelo is really nice in that it has: air conditiong, good comfy beds, clean rooms and bathrooms, nice soaps and shampoo, nice towels, hot water with good water pressure, double sets of windows (to act as a sound barrier - soundproof windows) so it's QUIET, very accomodating and helpful front desk, a very good breakfast buffet, one business computer with internet access for use for free, and a pretty good location - about 4 blocks from the train station. One could easily walk to the Duomo and musuems. If you want to take a taxi, though, it's about 7 or 8 Euro. They also have a free shuttle to the Train Station.It has absolutely no Italian/Florence charm. It's a business hotel. We happily gave up all charm for a better rate and modern amenities like a/c, a big bed, and a nice bathroom, though. The buffet was impressive with a vast array of fresh breads, meats and cheeses, all the cereral, hot scrambled eggs and bacon, good coffee, a cappuccino or espresso included (I think - we were asked the first day what we wanted, but no one asked the second day), fresh fruit, and fresh grapefruit, orange and pineapple juice(!) (we mixed the orange and pineapple and that was yummy!). This was a great deal. I'd stay hear again in a hearbeat. The front desk was great as well - helpful, informative, welcoming, and also fluent in English. 
Definite 4 Star hotel The Starhotel Michelangelo in Florence, Italy is a definite 4 Star hotel. Prepare to be impressed. My stay was wonderful. My tour company booked this hotel and it was the best hotel during the tour. Excellent! Breakfast was delicious, lots of choices. The service was nice. The hotel was very clean and quiet. It is a lovely walk to the Duomo while passing the Arno. 
The ambiance! I will be returning! We found this hotel to be very clean with extremely friendly staff. The hotels food was above average. The 20 minute walk from the hotel to the piazza along the river was well worth the time with it's picturesque bridges over the water and lots of people watching. The bar inside the park directly across the street from the hotel was a good way to rub elbows with the local crowd and enjoy a night under the stars. I found the Italian people to be very friendly and patient with my Italiano! This was my favorite hotel and favorite city out of 5 cities we explored. I will be returning! 
very nice We really liked this hotel. The rooms were large, clean and well decorated. The hotel is about a 20 minute walk from the Duomo, but we enjoyed walking off some of the food and wine. I definately recommend this hotel. We found 2 great restaurants in the heart of the city with very fair prices...Trattoria AngiolinoVia S. Spirito 36/RTrattoria 4 Leoni--------- 
Great for walkers About a mile from the Duomo but well worth the walk for those willing and able. The hotel is great value for money. More upscale for the money than many other similarly priced hotels we stayed in Europe in 2004. A great breakfast after nothing but rolls and meat in other countries. A full buffet more similar to something you might find at a big American Hotel.The front desk staff was also very friendly and helpful. Amazing for a hotel as large as this. I even saw them handle a very ugly American with poise and professionalism. (It was I who was rude to the obnoxious Yank)The rooms were very luxurious and comfortable. 
Good Hotel but racist staff :(   showReview(2581016, 'full');  
A little far from everything... But otherwise a very comfortable hotel   showReview(2093939, 'full');  
best hospitality   showReview(1853311, 'full');  
Starhotel Michelangelo Superb   showReview(1833380, 'full');  
Nice 4* hotel   showReview(1687068, 'full');  
Very Nice Stay !   showReview(1375283, 'full');  
Fabulous Hotel   showReview(1237626, 'full');  
Nice Hotel   showReview(1134581, 'full');  
H么tel tr猫s confortable avec de...   showReview(21862478, 'full');  
渚垮埄   showReview(20171862, 'full');  
tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(18823238, 'full');  
SUPER   showReview(19640061, 'full');  
Soggiorno Stahotel Michelangelo   showReview(17649441, 'full');  
Surbooking   showReview(16200934, 'full');  
Fantastico!!! Un peccato essere stato cos矛 poco   showReview(16612093, 'full');  
sans plus   showReview(14737341, 'full');  
Veramente un affare   showReview(14737340, 'full');  
Gerne wieder,   showReview(13201588, 'full');  
銈堛亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚   showReview(19165378, 'full');  
SUPER HOTEL   showReview(11453789, 'full');  
HOTEL MODERNO, LIMPIO, COMODO Y...   showReview(11398981, 'full');  
Ottimo albergo,sia per...   showReview(11398982, 'full');  
tres bien   showReview(11415245, 'full');  
Il mio soggiorno a Firenze 猫...   showReview(11398983, 'full');  
Un quattro stelle di...   showReview(11398984, 'full');  
Sans charme mais parfait   showReview(5772352, 'full');  
voyageur de paris   showReview(11338045, 'full');  
La posizione dell'hotel e...   showReview(11398985, 'full');  
No hay en el web, una...   showReview(11398986, 'full');  
E' un albergo accogliente...   showReview(11398987, 'full');  
琛椼伄涓績銇嬨倝闆倢銇︺亜...   showReview(19920380, 'full');  
