Noisy and Pretentious We stayed here for two nights during a tour of Italy/France. I have to say that this was the least favourite of all of the hotels we stayed in. Firstly, our room was across the road from the main train station and I was woken several times at all hours by the numerous trains leaving/arriving, despite having a set of earplugs! The walls were wafer thin and we could clearly hear our neighbours conversations, or them using the bathroom. We laughed at the hotel brochure, which boasted 'Soundproofed Rooms'. 
Know your timetable? This hotel is closed to the main station of Florence. A main road passes the main entrance of the hotel.The hotel was modernized only some years ago. Stylish appearance. Main problem was the noise due to the station (you can see trains arrive). Also noise from neighbor rooms was terrible. The room was extremely hot due to a deregulation of the heater which was active day and night.Avoid coffee maschine at breakfast, ask for cappuchino at the bar.Friendly people. 
Summer Holiday Florence itself is in my opinion not an impressive city. There is a lot to do, but it's not one of those places you find unbelievable.The hotel is nice, kind of far from the center or the airport. It is built in a minimalist stly mostly balck and white. Th e numebr of staff is very low, but they are helpful.The rooms are clean, include all the facilities you would expect froma 3 star hotel.The only thing that I really disliked was the food. The breakfast is terrble. 
Not a Masterpiece Myself and two friends stayed at this hotel for two nights. The rooms and bathroom are spotless as well as the rest of hotel! However, the noise of the trains and the announcements from the train station would make it difficult for any light sleeper. I booked two rooms in advanced and although they were on the same floor they were not too near each other when I asked the staff if we could rectify this they said there were no rooms. But in general the staff were very accommodating, The breakfast was fine and the breakfast room fully of light and the breakfast bar gave a view of the outside fountain which was very relaxing to look at. The hotel is extremely close to train station and all sites are walkable. I would not book again but only because of the noise of the train station. 
Great value hotel This hotel is a short walk from the station with quiet rooms which are modern and spacious. the buffet breakfast is certainly above average and the reception is friendly and helpful. You will not be disappointed in your stay at this hotel. 
a good hotel for Florence The hotel is near the main railway station so there is some train noise. It is very modern and has air conditioning throughout!! The week we were there in mid June it reached 38C !!!Usual continental breakfast and dinner was only OK. but 8 minutes walk away are some good restaurants.The bedroom was clean and tidy with safe and fridge. It is a 10 minute walk to the city centre. A good place to stay. 
Nothing to excited about.       Room 
Great Hotel! surprisingly good! Friendly! Great Cityhotel! This is surely a very modern, sober and great city hotel. The prices are totally ok, and the rooms are spacious and have amazing bathrooms!Although in the vicinity of the railwaystation the Hotel is really quiet and beautiful.The hotel just has a special little something that makes your stay so pleasant!The staff is very attentive and friendly. All in all a perfect stay I was there shortly before Christmas 2006. It was a great trip!If I go to Florence again i will definately go again to the Da Vinci! 
surprisingly good Surprisingly goodBecause we were traveling by train, I wanted a hotel within walking distance. This was a concern because these are often the oldest and least desirable hotelsThis room was clean, cleverly designed to maximize space, and very quiet with the windows closed (a must since you either face a busy street or the train tracks)The Internet service was free in the lobby with my ipod. the breakfast very good and generous in a happy location. The staff was particularly helpful a contrast to the stuffy old concierge guys at the high end hotels.Its location was further from the central part of town than I expected but it was only a 10 minute walk to the main square or 15 minutes to the dumo. 
Great hotel, but not so great location The hotel is very modern, with an air of trendiness, the furniture is new and very nice, the bathroom is large, well equiped and the entire place is clean and shiny. On the other hand, some things are a little kitchy, like the linoleum on the hallway and in the room (first I thought it's parquet), the breakfast is really poor, the parking a little too expensive (15 euros a day) and the glass door from the bathroom annoying.The hotel is near the train station, but the trains were far less bothering than the people in the next room. Unfortunately you can hear everything through the walls. It takes about 15 minutes to the center. 
Nice hotel! Very very nice Hotel!My husband and I stayed at the hotel in summer/06, it was very clean, new blankets and furnitures, good breakfast in the morning with iogurt, fruits, sort of breads, good shower and towers, near the train station SMN and the bus station to San Gimignano/Siena.I will stay there again! Sueli 
LOVE LOVE LOVED IT! The hotel was AMAZING. It was very simple and clean, from the lobby to the rooms. MY family and I booked two rooms that were both on the top floors each with doors to the front balcony which was AMAZING! We had a great view and I could go to the other room just by using the big balcony instead of leaving the room and knocking on their door....i could just knock on their balcony door. The rooms smelled clean and fresh. Mine smelled like lavender perfume which was really nice. The bathrooms as well was modern and very very clean. All the tourist spots were walking distance, as well as the bus and train station. The TV was small, but almost all the TV's in hotels in Europe were tiny and the bed wasnt the softest but the breakfast was REALLY GOOD. This place is wonderful and definitely a good price for what you will be getting! 
Great hotel close to train/bus station, easy to access other areas of Tuscany Went with group of 40 students (age range from 19-60) very clean, modern hotel. Staff were exceedingly helpful and welcoming. Room for 3 adults was spacious and comfortable, needed to keep windows closed as our room was on the main road so could be very noisy. Location was about 15 mins walk to main attractions in Florence however if you plan to travel elsewhere, as we did, going to Lucca by bus (1hr 15mins) and Sienna (1hr) then being close to the train and bus station is convenient. Would definately recommend this hotel if you don't mind a bit of a walk. 
Highly Recommended The nicest three star hotel in Italy so far. Got a fantastic rate since it was off season. The rooms are very modern and clean. Breakfast is good. Some people might consider the walk from the SMN train station too far. 
Good Hotel in the Leonardo da Vinci       Room 
Good value near SMN Paid 鈧?09 to stay for one night (2ad 2ch) in this hotel. It is close enough to the station for travel and sightseeing but far enough that the riff raff dont come near it. When we first saw the outside, the venetian blinds were in bad repair and the windows were dirty, but behind some trees where the entrance was, there was spotless glass and a very well kept reception area. The hotel was very clean and the staff were helpful. The room was plenty big for us and the bathroom was fine also. There was a good selection for breakfast but the restaurant food was poor. There was little or no noise from trains/street. All in all, very good value for Florence and would stay here again. 
Modern and comfortable       toilet 2 
Fine hotel in Florence We enjoyed our second stay in 3 weeks at this hotel. It is modern but the rooms are small...don't take too much luggage. The rooms were pretty clean and functional. Bathrooms are very small especially the shower but functional. The location is about 3 blocks away from the train station in the oposite way from the Duomo. This means a little extra walking if you go back and forth during the day. It has plenty of easy access parking. The restaurant for breakfast was just ok. Coffee and juice from a machine...such a shame when you are in Italy. Would be much better to serve fresh. 
loved our stay My husband and I spent 3 nights here. We enjoyed our stay. Its only a short walk from the Train Station and everything else is walkable from the hotel. The breakfast was not that great. The staff was great and helpful and the rooms were clean and perfect for us. 
The Leonardo Da Vinci hotel was really nice. Leonardo Da Vinci hotel was very nice. We had room 123 which was huge and the bathroom was huge too. Enormous bed but quite hard. I think this is quite common in Italy. We were very near the tracks of the SMN railiway station, but the noise was minimal as the windows were closed, against mosquitoes!!!We were disappointed that there wasn't any outdoor space to sit and chat to other quests or just to read a book. Jessica and Eloise were lovely on the front desk, so was the young man and and the other lady who's name I didn't take. She booked us for the Uffizi and the Accademia. Also don't forget to book a tour on an accidental tourist trip. We went on one for half a day and we tasted, olive oil and 5 wines, it was fantastic. Also don't miss the Bellagio Musem and see wonderf ul Donatello sculptures and sculptures by MA.. Personally I wouldn't bother with the Uffizi. Total chaos and nothing in English unlike the Accademia and Bellagio. If anyone finds the room at the Uffizi where the Caravaggio paintings were please let me know. They were supposed to be in room 23 but that room didn't exist. The breakfast at the hotel was fine apart from the fruit cocktail, no fresh fruit. The rolls and were fine though. Croissants not like French ones, a bit on the hard side and the machines for tea (hot water) and coffee were disgusting, the fruit juices seemed like squash to me. We booked through [---] and it would be cheaper to book direct. I wouldn't return to this hotel as it was a bit of a hike from the centre. I hope I haven't bored you. Florence is wonderful. We didn't have dinner at the hotel, why would you with so many fabulous restaurants and trattorias about. 
Nicely decorated but a tiny room and noisey We stayed here over a weekend, and was dissapointed with the room size. I found out after the first night that our room (314) was the smallest on the floor - I would recommend that you check the fire escape plan on arrival to see how yours compares.It is nicely decorated though, very minimalstic with a lovely (although tight) bathroom, which was also very clean.Another bad point is the noise from the station to the back - both mornings I was woken up around 6 by the trains and you can constantly hear the murmer of announcements. I would expect the front rooms to be fairly loud too as it is located on a very busy road. It is still busy at midnight, I don't know where everyone is going!!I would consider staying here again as it is good value in Florence, however I would make sure I got a bigger room and took ear plugs! 
We'll be back when returning to Firenze We booked a superior double room with baby cot. The price was reasonable, about 145鈧?with the cot included. I like the location. If you arrive to Florence by train is a five minutes walk. The downtown and main places are a 15 minutes walk.Well, the room was REALLY huge, about 35 squared metres, very minimalistic decoration and really cozy and clean.Breakfast was average continental, nothing to write home about, but more than enough to start the day.The point that makes this hotel great is the staff. Really welcoming, ready to make your bookings, give recomendations, show directions, etc , always with a smile in the face.More than reasonably priced bar, and nice and good natured brazilian waitress, who was something like a big sister for our kid.When coming back to Firenze, next time on low season (it was overcrowded) we'll make a booking on this hotel without hesitation. Great for rooms, great for location and great for staff. What more you could ask for? 
Excellent Hotel and a great location Just returned from 4 nights in Florence with my boyfriend, what a wonderful City will definetely be coming back. Hotel was excellent, we were very impressed as we had a large room very modern  spacious with a big bathroom and queen size bed.Staff on reception were very friendly and helpful which made our stay enjoyable.Only thing I would say if you do book this hotel is to ask for a room at the back of the hotel as we had a room at the front and it was very noisy with the traffic going past especially in the mornings.The Hotel was about a 10 / 15 min walk to the centre of Florence and a 10 min walk to the station so the location was ideal. Would also recomend a day trip to Siena which is 1 1/2 hours by train but well worth it. Pisa is an hour away.Overall a great little hotel. 
Great stay - loved the showers! My husband and I stayed at this hotel in mid-June 2007. We thought the hotel was very clean and modern. The rooms are quite spacious (although there is not a lot of room to open up your luggage,,,,the beds are quite big and comfortable!). The rooms are airconditioned and this is definitely handy to have during the summer months. This year was especially hot for Italy so it really came in good use. I enjoyed the showers and the bathrooms! It's unusual to comment on this but i thought they were quite modern and i loved the huge shower heads!! It gave me ideas of how i would like to decorate and furnish my house! The staff are friendly and although there is no wireless internet access in the rooms, you can sit on the comfy lounges in the lobby area and use the internet connection there. It's free and easy to connect to. Overall we had a great stay and would recommend the hotel to others. It's not too far away from the action if you can bear walking about 15 minutes to the center of Florence. 
great hotel and other suggestions in florence! My husband I stayed 4 nights here last August 2006. I rated this hotel as excellent because it completely exceeded my expectaions of Eurpean hotels. We got the room for around $90 dollars on wegolo.com. This was the first time I ever used wegolo and was apprehensive, but it was very safe. Our room was very big with a nice sized shower located outside of the bathroom. Soap and shampoo was provided ( I can't remember if they replenished it daily ). King or queen sized bed. Breakfast was included and was fine: espresso from a machine, ceral, milk, juice from a machine, rolls and crossants, butter jelly cheese, nutella, crackers etc. The location is about 3-4 blocks behind the train station. I must suggest taking a day trip to siena. IT IS GREAT!! And pick up some wine, cheese and fruit for the hour train ride at a little market between this hotel and the station. YOU MUST go on a Caf Tour ([---]) while you are there. The hotel will arrage it for you. Budget $ for the chianti wine excursion with dinner- FOR SURE! the all day florence tour with lunch was wonderful too (includes admission to uffizi, academia, santa maria novella church and much more. 
Just got back from the Leonardo da Vinci My husband and I just stayed here last week. We were pleasantly surprised at how nice the hotel was. Our room was nice though small compared to U.S. hotel rooms. The bathroom was nice and was supplied with a hair dryer as well as some toiletries. We had NO problem with noise. The breakfast was pretty much as we expected - I only wish there was more fresh fruit instead of a canned fruit cocktail. The bar had some nice cocktail snacks and a VERY nice and friendlly bartender from South America. The front desk staff was extremely helpful (sent up extra pillows on request). The walk to the main tourist area wasn't too bad BUT there were some scary streets( in reference to amount of traffic) to cross. A coouple of mornings we started off the day with a taxi to the Pitti Palace or the Uffizi and then walked the rest of the day and saved the mad dash fighting rush hour traffic and that seemed to help. 
Nice hotel... Beatiful Florence I spent 3 nights at Leonardo Da Vinci Hotel and it was a nice place. The room was ok, clean and spacious. The staff was friendly and helpful. Near the hotel there is a busy road and this is a problem for me.Anyway we will return at Leonardo Da Vinci Hotel. 
A clean hotel in Florence The hotel is good, very clean and the facilities are quite new. It's close to the central station, but still need to take around 10 to 15 minutes by walk, if you know the right direction from the begining. The room is quite small, I was wondering where should I put my luggage at the first day as I took a big one with me, but i finally made it. I won't complaint for it as it's in Italy. This hotel is excellent by comparing the money I spent and the services I got. The staff in the restaurant and the receptionlists are all very kind. The only thing I was a bit disappointed is that the elevator didn't walk at the day i left the hotel, therefore, I need to took the luggage from the 2nd floor by my own. Anyway, this is a very good stay in Florence. 
... i really loved the art-deco style and generally the atmosphere in the hotel....the way it is decorated creates the idea of space..the staff (allthough there were few of them) were very nice and gave their best to make all the guests feel happy and pleased...what i can not understand is what is happening with the food in that hotel?...when u go to the restaurant there is nobody there and u can not order anythng and at breakfast they have just milk and coffee, croissants and jam and u have to get up early to find some left.I apreciate though that it is in the center of the city ,that they a have a decent parking and that it is very quiet there. 
Leonardo Da Vinci - good value This modern and clean hotel was fine for a short stay. Slightly out of town with about a 20min walk to the main attractions, across some busy roads. Rooms were small but adequate with compact ensuites. Ours also had a balcony. Noise did not appear to be an issue. Staff were friendly. A good breakfast included in the price.My only concern was the linen was stored/piled up in the same cupboard as the electrics. Is this not a fire hazard?Would probably use again as it was good value. 
great value, but not the best area The hotel LD Vinci, as I call it, made us feel very welcome. The room was not huge, but minimalst, clean, and stylish, with a good bathroom. Breakfast was great and included in the price. The fishtank in the ceiling of that restirante was a nice touch.Noise was not a problem for me, but the rooms are not quiet. The hotel has a busy road on one side, and a train track on the other. However, as I said, this is not a problem for everyone. Its quite tolerable. The main drawback is location - it is situated 7 or 8 minutes from the train station, which sits on the outskirts of the historic city. The walk to the edge of city is shortish, but rather unpleasant, and can involve a long dark underpass if your heading east. The doumo is maybe a 15 to twenty minute walk, south east. I would recommend this hotel for the tight-pursed, if you don't mind the walk. 
great value in florence i stayed 2 nights at the leonardo da vinci in august 2006. it is a very modern hotel and although my room was very small, it was clean and despite the proximity to the train station, very quiet and even had a balcony. yes indeed, the wifi does not work at the hotel; however, i found internet connections extremely difficult to come by all over italy. my room was definitely in need of a paint job but they are in the process of doing some renovations. i would definitely recommend this hotel (and indeed have done so already). it is bookable through venere.com which incidentally, seems to have the best rates on hotels throughout europe. 
Great staff, basic hotel I stayed here for 2 nights and was impressed - I managed to get a fantastic deal (approx 50 euros a night) and for the price I was really pleased. The staff were helpful, friendly and funny, yep the bed was a bit hard, and the breakfast basic but compared to other hotels I've stayed at in Italy it was above average. The best thing was because it is away from the main tourist drag (one of the perils of Florence in summer) it was quiet,  despite being alongside the railway track there was little external noise to be heard (not any that kept me awake and I am a really light sleeper). Ok, the area isn't the best (fairly soulless, and looks slightly intimidating) but as a lone female I had no worries at all and the walk into the centre takes less than 10 minutes. Overall if you can get a good deal (and it's worth shopping around) then I would highly recommend this hotel. Plus there are free sweeties in a bowl on the check-in desk...mmmmhhhmmm! 
Brilliant Despite the recent critics, we really liked this hotel. Upon arrival the staff were ultra efficient and gave a 5* service. They were helpful, gave great advice where to go, and were amusing to say the least! Although the staff were 5*, the hotel wasnt quite that way, although it tried its best to be. The hotel is about to under go a massive face-lift (as we were told), so I can forgive them for the little 'creases around the edges' in the rooms. The showers have been criticised, but we found them very spacious and comfortable, especially considering some of the other hotels we have stayed in in Italy! Although the breakfast was minimal, it was typical for most hotels in Italy, and the Fish tank roof was an entertaining touch. Although there were high tables at breakfast to eat at, there were also smaller booths to sit in. All in all I thought this hotel was extremely good value compared to many others, and the 5 minute walk to the Santa Maria Novella Station made it easily accessible to the main sites and museums. My ownly complaint would be the car park charges that I didnt know about or were told about when I checked in. 
Don't get cheated if u need internet access Dear Readers,Kindly take note if u need internet access during your travel/holidays. The hotel mentioned there is a WI/FI access but it not working and in the room there is a cable connection and it is not working. FYI, the hotel does not provide internet cable. You need to buy. Therefore, they would like you to pay for their internet service for Euro 2.00 for 15min at hotel lobby. Thanks u  hope u enjoy your stay with this hotel. 
Almost a masterpiece       Main Room 
A Fall Waiting To Happen This is an ultra-modernist sculpture, to the point of brutalism, consisting of a set of rooms that a group of well-meaning and hard working staff are trying to convince the rest of us that this is a hotel. The single room I had was very small, consisting of a bed with just enough space to walk around the bed. The TV was small. The bathroom was a reasonable size but straight from a Bauhaus nightmare. I kept thinking of a character on Saturday Night Live created by Mike Meyers, called Deiter. He was the host of an ultra-modern talk show and always ended the show with: And now is the time on Sprokets when we dance. Deiter would love this hotel until he fell in the shower. The shower surface was a dark slate. It was impossible to see where the wall ends and the floor begins. The bathrooms were obviously remodeled to include some basic safety features, such as a string to pull after you fall. It's going to be hard to pull the string after falling on the floor unconscious or paralyzed. There were no guard rails in the shower. The steps down to the breakfast room were also an accident waiting to happen: more black slate steps with no hand rails. This building would not meet the construction code standards in the US. On the positive side, the room was clean, the shower was hot and the air conditioning worked well. The breakfast was adequate. I don't understand why it is so difficult to make plain American coffee. Somehow I do it every day with simple equipment and no culinary training. The bar stools in the breakfast room are another testament to bad design. In contrast to other reviews, I found the staff to be friendly and available. The hotel location is not the best. It is on the outskirts of the hotels that cluster near the main attractions. However, it is within walking distance of the train station, museums and restaurants. I would not stay in this hotel again. The shower was just too dangerous and the hotel design is dark and unattractive. Modern architects should stay here just to experience the noxious environments they create. 
Average Good sized rooms, clean bathrooms all in a modernist design. 5min walk to the train station. The worst aspect was the breakfast, very average even for Italy. All in all not a bad choice in Florence where accom can be quite high. 
Not nearly as bad as trip advisor reviews suggested   showReview(5045465, 'full');  
Adequate, but not ideal   showReview(5007422, 'full');  
Hotel Morgue   showReview(4036814, 'full');  
needs training, improvements and more light...   showReview(3543073, 'full');  
Modern but soulless in Florence   showReview(3015569, 'full');  
Ultra modern but.....   showReview(2079488, 'full');  
El hotel era aceptable pero...   showReview(22769717, 'full');  
El hotel magn铆fico.el mejor...   showReview(21888183, 'full');  
No nos gust贸 la atenci贸n porque...   showReview(20974871, 'full');  
Excelente! Un hotel estilo...   showReview(20923265, 'full');  
Nous avions effectivement...   showReview(20654960, 'full');  
Un effort suppl茅mentaire de leur part aurait rendu le s茅jour parfait       Produits de toilette 脿 disposition 
Hotel tr猫s moderne, proche de...   showReview(19452685, 'full');  
LO PEOR LA CERCANIA DE LA...   showReview(18447968, 'full');  
Very Zen   showReview(17402868, 'full');  
Our room was not quiet because...   showReview(16729587, 'full');  
Nos quedamos en Florencia por...   showReview(16727837, 'full');  
Pulito, letti comodi e...   showReview(14029497, 'full');  
Buen hotel   showReview(13516731, 'full');  
El Hotel exteriormente no e...   showReview(13974168, 'full');  
Ottima posizione per vicinanza...   showReview(13420526, 'full');  
Particolare Hotel a Firenza   showReview(13295498, 'full');  
Abbiamo soggiornato due notti...   showReview(12752601, 'full');  
Ottima   showReview(12908768, 'full');  
L'accoglienza 猫 stata ottima...   showReview(12752599, 'full');  
Excelente relaci贸n calidad...   showReview(12650550, 'full');  
Gutes Stadthotel, entspricht...   showReview(12651032, 'full');  
El Hotel est谩 situado muy cerca...   showReview(11409404, 'full');  
Oui Le d茅faut : Proximit茅 de la...   showReview(11409408, 'full');  
El hotel est谩 completamente...   showReview(11409407, 'full');  
El hotel esta bien, la...   showReview(11409405, 'full');  
Excellent hotel , tres proche...   showReview(11409406, 'full');  
Yo viaje con mi madre, la...   showReview(11409412, 'full');  
Yo viaje con mi madre, la...   showReview(11409411, 'full');  
La unica pega es que est谩 un...   showReview(11409410, 'full');  
Es un hotel que est谩 bastante...   showReview(12649103, 'full');  
El hotel esta decorado con muy...   showReview(11409409, 'full');  
El hotel es de estilo moderno y...   showReview(12648902, 'full');  
Tres satisfaite de ce s茅jour a...   showReview(11409414, 'full');  
Avons s茅journ茅 3 jours 脿...   showReview(11409418, 'full');  
Hotel un p貌 fuorimano, la...   showReview(11409413, 'full');  
C'茅tait la premi猫re fois que...   showReview(11409417, 'full');  
Camere molto spaziose...   showReview(11409416, 'full');  
Wir hatten einen tollen...   showReview(11409419, 'full');  
Queda un poco lejos del centro...   showReview(11409420, 'full');  
Cercano a la estaci贸n de...   showReview(11409421, 'full');  
L'estetica dell'hotel 猫 molto...   showReview(11409422, 'full');  
Me encant贸 Leonardo Da Vinci   showReview(7282829, 'full');  
La struttura era accogliente...   showReview(11409423, 'full');  
L'hotel 猫 veramente carino e lo...   showReview(11409402, 'full');  
Ottimo rapporto qualit脿...   showReview(11409398, 'full');  
Io 猫 la mia ragazza Vitalba...   showReview(11409425, 'full');  
Si vuelvo a Florencia repito...   showReview(11409399, 'full');  
Il parcheggio interno 猫 un p貌...   showReview(11409424, 'full');  
Albergo con personale...   showReview(11409427, 'full');  
L'albergo 猫 vicino ala stazione...   showReview(11409426, 'full');  
VIAJAMOS A FINES DE OCTUBRE DEL...   showReview(11409428, 'full');  
Sobre todo, para lo que es...   showReview(11409397, 'full');  
Un ottimo hotel!!!!!!!!!!ne...   showReview(11409429, 'full');  
Tra quelli da me provati in...   showReview(11409430, 'full');  
Sono stata a Firenze...   showReview(11409431, 'full');  
E' distante 5 minuti a piedi...   showReview(12649281, 'full');  
Per chi si vuole fermare a...   showReview(11409432, 'full');  
Ho soggiornato per la prima...   showReview(11409434, 'full');  
Ottimo hotel, situato vicino...   showReview(11409401, 'full');  
Belle prestation d'ensemble...   showReview(11409400, 'full');  
El hotel no es centrico, pero...   showReview(11409433, 'full');  
Un hotel sicuramente superiore...   showReview(11409403, 'full');  
Hotel bellissimo, confort...   showReview(11409436, 'full');  
Habitaciones modernas y...   showReview(11409435, 'full');  
Habitaciones limpias y...   showReview(11409437, 'full');  
Ho lavorato a Firenze...   showReview(11409438, 'full');  
Excellentes prestations...   showReview(11409439, 'full');  
Nos parecio un hotel de buena...   showReview(11409440, 'full');  
Desde luego no es el hotel...   showReview(11409441, 'full');  
Abbiamo soggiornato in questa...   showReview(11409442, 'full');  
Ottimo albergo, camere...   showReview(11409447, 'full');  
Excellent s茅jour au L茅onard de...   showReview(11409445, 'full');  
Ottimo albergo. comodissimo da...   showReview(11409453, 'full');  
La experiencia en este hotel ha...   showReview(11409452, 'full');  
D'apr茅s les precedents...   showReview(11409451, 'full');  
Un hotel con un dise帽o muy...   showReview(11409450, 'full');  
Nos gust贸 el hotel. Limpio...   showReview(11409449, 'full');  
Somos una pareja de espa帽oles...   showReview(11409444, 'full');  
Leonardo da vinci es un hotel...   showReview(11409456, 'full');  
El hotel se encuentra en el...   showReview(11409448, 'full');  
Bien qu'un petit probl猫me de...   showReview(11409455, 'full');  
La struttura 猫 collocata...   showReview(11409454, 'full');  
Le N掳 de t茅l茅phone au bas de la...   showReview(11409461, 'full');  
Preis / Leistung stimmen...   showReview(11409460, 'full');  
Buon hotel a piedi si raggiunge...   showReview(11409459, 'full');  
Nous n'avons pass茅 qu'une nuit...   showReview(11409458, 'full');  
Un'hotel che punta tutto sul...   showReview(11409457, 'full');  
Bel hotel de style...   showReview(11409462, 'full');  
Das Hotel war, ist eine...   showReview(11409463, 'full');  
Essenziale nell'arredamento ma...   showReview(11409464, 'full');  
Hotel molto bello ma poco...   showReview(11409465, 'full');  
