Impecaable service I had stayed at the Ayre Gran Hotel Colon over the weekend of 13 December 2008 and was pleasantly surprised by its high service standards and quality.Apart from the fact that a rather unfriendly-looking lady was manning the receptionist and had checked me in on the first day, the rest of my stay was a dream. I had stayed in the newly renovated Europa wing and it was very clean, comfortable, tastefully decorated and well-heated. The bottled water and chocolates in the room were also a nice touch. Most importantly, apart from the aforementioned lady on the first day, every other hotel staff whom I had come across was friendly and went on his or her way to assist me (e.g. with information on museums, transport and other recommendations, helping me to change to a non-smoking room and repair my shoe, etc). The hotel was also very reasonably priced (not much more than I had paid for a hostel in Florence in the same month!). I have only very recently stayed in hotels in Cardiff and Paris at significantly higher rates when those hotels (more aptly described as motels, in my view) were old, cramped and dark, had no facilities or personality and were utterly unimpressive. Although the Ayre Gran Colon is not located in the city centre, it is quite accessible. It is visible from and is not more than a 5 minute walk away from the metro and not more than a 40 minute ride on the metro to and from Madrid Barajas international airport. To reach the city centre and the museums, I simply had to walk through the nearby Retiro Park (which was a very pleasant walk as it was sunny and the weather was mild when I was there). I would certainly stay in this hotel should I visit Madrid again. 
Not up to European standards, not suitable for business travel Rooms are clean and spacious and comfortable, but the service and management is below par. There are several issues and would not recommend this place for business travel. - 5 of my colleagues also stayed here the same time as me, in the same class of room, but were given rates that range from 85-200 euros. Despite our complaints about this it was not resolved.- Wireless internet simply does not work - drops out every 5-10 minutes. When I asked to connect my laptop via cable int heir business centre, the wouldn't allow this.- They dont always answer the phone at reception. We got so sick of this we tested it by having one person in the lobby and one person call them from their rooms - even with people at the desk and no guests to deal with they ignore the phone!- The gym is a joke - no weight machine, only a treadmill and rowing machine.- They dont make any effort to put you in non-smoking room if you request it in your booking even if there are non-smoking rooms available 
Spacious and well located After a last-minute flight cancellation (by British Airways) we were forced to find accommodation in Madrid at about 8.30pm. As walk-ins we were treated with great courtesy and within 10 minutes were in our rooms. The rooms were large, comfortable and clean, and appeared to be new or at least very recently refurbished. Wonderful shower and bed, plenty of space for suitcases etc. There is a Metro station less than 5 minutes' walk away, and the park is about 10 minutes away. We walked through the park to the Prado, which took about 40 minutes.The buffet breakfast was reasonable but uninteresting and probably not worth paying extra for. 
Grand Hotel Hotel was very easy to find and has a metro station around the corner.Staff were very friendly and helpful, Room was spacious and spotless. I was a bit weary after reading some, not so nice, reviews but was pleasantly surprised when we arrived at hotel as we could not find fault with it.Location of hotel,although not in centre, was easy to travel to places of interest using metro. I would definately stay at this hotel again and recommend it to my friends. 
Ayre Gran Hotel Colon Stayed here for a long weekend back in July. There are two buildings to the hotel, and stayed in the fairly newly refurbished Europa building. It cost slightly more per room, but well worth the extra money from what I could gather.The double room was a good size and very comfortable, with the usual safe, a/c, Sat TV and fridge etc (free mineral water restocked every day). There was one electronic black out blind for the soundproof windows, so getting a good nights sleep was no problem. Bathroom was spotless with a huge walk in powerful shower and everything you should need if you only have handluggage and can't be bothered putting everything in small plastic bags! Comb, toothbrush, toothpaste, soap, shower gel etc etcDue to flights delays etc, checking in at two in the morning with the night porter was no problem. All the staff were very polite throughout my stay and the hotel was clean and tidy everywhere. 
Good, but could be better Stayed in this hotel in the renovated building, rooms are really nice and spacious, especially the bathroom is fancy and of a decent size. Views from hotel are not so nice and location of hotel could be better: it is remote from the city center, however there is a metro station 500m from the hotel which will take you to city center in 5 mins. The gym was very disappointing, small room at the 12th floor of the old buiding with 6 fitness devices of which half was malfunctioning or not powered on. Sauna and solarium on 12th floor as well but looked to be closed permanently, even bathrooms were closed on this floor. The bar is closing early! Better get a couple of drinks by 10.30PM because they'll close that bar no matter how many guests are still in there. 
Good value for money - has the potential to be a lot better for guests We stayed at this hotel for three nights as we availed of a special weekend break offer. We were originally allocated a tiny twin room, but were immediately assigned a larger room when we requested it at Reception.The room was quite basic, not what you would expect from a 4-star hotel from the point of view of furnishings and fittings. However, the room was very clean and the bathroom cleaned and replenished with toiletries and towels every day.The breakfast buffet was well stocked with the basics but nothing special. The bar and lounge area was in darkness for the time we were there. This particular area could be a great meeting point for guests if it was staffed and well lit. As there were 50 Irish people in our group, it would have been well worthwhile to have this facility operating. There is a cafeteria in the sister (Europe) hotel which is reached by going through an art gallery corridor and this is where people relaxed with a drink or coffee. There is a very nice Italian restaurant, Gino's, across the road from the cafeteria. The hotel is located in a quiet area with a couple of local shops such as a pharmacy, shoe shop, hairdresser and supermarket.The hotel is well served by the No 20 bus which comes very frequently - at 1 euro to the city centre its great value. A taxi for the same journey cost us 10 euro so it was back to the bus after that! The hotel was grand for the price we paid but if I was visiting Madrid again I would prefer to stay closer to the city centre. 
Lovely Hotel After reading negative reviews of the Ayre Gran Colon hotel we weren't looking forward to our stay. However we were pleasantly surprised. All the staff were polite and extremely helpful. The breakfast buffet was very good and the tea and coffee excellent.We stayed in the Europa building which had a very nice lounge and a bar and cafeteria which sold reasonably priced snacks and drinks. It was used by the locals on Sunday afternoon and also in the morning on their way to work.Our room was kept spotlessly clean and had a wonderful shower.Their was an excellent Italian restaurant over the road called Gino's and it was only a short walk to the Sainz de Barans metro.The lovely Parque de Retiro was a short stroll away. If we ever return to Madrid we will definitely stay at the Ayre Gran Colon again. 
America building very descent My husband and me stayed at the Gran Ayre Colon hotel during the GENERA Feria 26 - 29 February .The main reason for our choice was that the metro station Saint de Baranda was 100mt from the hotel and you had to change only two lines (half an hour from Aeropuerto or Campo de las Naciones ) .Nevertheless keep in mind that line number 9 is the deepest line ( about 240 mt under ground level ,uncountable stairs ).Our room was in the America building ,for which we have read bad criticism .Anyway , it was very nice and quiet .Our twin room ( though we had reserved a double ) was big enough , it had two arm chairs and two tables in a small living room , another small room with a closet and of course the bathroom and the main bedroom .The price we paid was A BARGAIN !!!Since we did not want breakfast , we had coffee in the hotel cafeteria.A very cosy minimal cafeteria where we paid only 4.5euros for two coffees ( con lecce ,as they call the cappuccino) and two sweets .Across the street there was a very nice Italian restaurant , Gino's , where you can eat in very reasonable prices descent food .Of course if you walk , about , 1km there are many tapas restaurants . 
Fantastic I know this hotel very well because of it's proximity to my parents place where I lived for 10 years. It is located in Barrio de la Estrella, not right in the town centre but very close, just a couple of tube stops away or a 15 min bus ride. When our relatives come to visit they always stay at this hotel. One of the advantages is that the location is very quiet at night.The room was incredibly spacious, with a huge king size bed (or even bigger) and a lot of wardrobe space. There were no drinks in the minibar other than complimentary water provided by the hotel but there were drinks available from reception. The bathroom was also huge, with two sinks and all sorts of complimentary toiletries, there was a safe and wifi at the room.I didn't try the breakfast or the restaurant at the hotel, as knowing the neighbourhood well, I knew exactly where to go for the best places!Their staff were corteous and fairly helpful. It would have helped if someone had walked us to our room since the hotel has two buildings and can be a bit of a maze. 
the staff were great the staff at this hotel were very pleasant, but beware there are 2 parts to the hotel and if you are not staying in the main part you are not allowed to dine in the a la carte restaurant.the hotel was to hot at night and this was in november, could hardly breathe in the mornings and there is no tea making facilities in the room.the hotel do give you water each day in the fridge and the rooms are very clean but small.the hotel also do not have an iron they charge a fortune for dry cleaning so make sure you take your own unless you can afford it.didnt stay in the hotel much but 1 night i ordered a film as i was very ill and it cost me 12.50 euros which i thought was a bit steep but i suppose it was cheaper than going out.there is a lovely chinese restaurant called bamboo over the road from the hotel which i would highly recommend and i would also like to advise the hotel is quite far from the centre but the metro system is great there, you can go anywhere on the circuit for 1 euro.i love madrid as a city it is so big a must see is the retiro park and the zoo.party goers beware there is not much party life in madrid there are 3 clubs that are very expensive and they dont have actual bars with music all the bars are more like little cafes with no music wrap up very warm if not travelling in the summer months or the locals will stare as if your from another planet. 
Hotel itself is ok but location less than desirable Was disappointed when we first arrived as we were not expecting to be this far away from the centre. The area that this hotel is in is obviously residential, with many tall brick apartment buildings around, they are not a pretty sight when you want to see Spain. It's a very quiet area, not much going on, don't expect to step outside and find shops or anything. There are a couple of small restaurants nearby, but they're nothing special. Closest metro station is Sainz de Baranda which is a 3 minute walk from the hotel. It's about 5-6 stops on 2 different metro lines to get to the centre. Hotel itself was ok. Room was definitely on the small side but it was efficient enough. Of course your view here will look like the suburbs in any western country. Not a unique experience here. The price was good though, decent value for accommodation in Madrid. But then again, you have to balance that with the decrease in convenience factor. 
stay away Just came back from eight nighjts at this hotel. Stay elsewhere if at all possible. Situated in a section of Madrid east of the Retiro park, you could be anywhere where high rise buildings predominate. No atmosphere. Inconvenient to everything. Everything in hotel done on the cheap. Clean. Staff disorganized and surly. Even refused to call for taxis. Breakfast lackluster. See my review of Senator Gran Via where I stayed the preceding week. 
Good deal I stayed at this hotel with my husband as part of a Bristish Airways package. We had no problems with service. The accomodations were sufficient. It was in in a great location as far as access to Madrid. Would definately stay there again. 
Below expectations. Stayed two nights as part of a tour package. Restuarant staff at breakfast very rude. Avoid room 202. Many problems, air-conditioning, hair dryer, not clean, old, etc. There has to be better places to stay. I have provided comments to Grand European Tours. 
Good hotel I stayed for one night in this hotel for my work and paid around 100 EUR for the room and a breakfast. The room was very large and clean. The breakfast buffet was ok but nothing special. This hotel is a bit out of the city center but near the metro. You can find more info on the hotel on (---) 
Fine hotel It's a fine hotel, recently refurbished and 5 minutes walking from the Retiro Park and the museum mileDefinitely I will go back!!! 
Reasonable Value but Very Poor Communication What this hotel had in fair value was negated by poor communication and lack of ettiquette by the staff. We were not given notes about the room facilities. We did not realise we had to have special keys for the room-safe  mini bar. No instructions were available for the air conditioning system so we often had to have the window open. One day, the fire alarm sounded. Members of staff (not engineers) desparately tried to halt each alarm with spanners in full view of the guests. No explanation offered. Later in the week, the breakfast room was relocated without notice. A member of staff was quite abrasive with me when I asked him for directions to the relocated room. On several occasions, the tables were not cleanly laid at breakfast. We had to lay our own cutlery one time. Once, I asked reception to order a taxi to go to the city centre. The concierge warned of a minimum 30 minute wait. The Metro system took 25 minutes to the centre, so the taxi idea was abandoned. Overall, fair value but poor service. 
Te darán ganas de volver a vivirlo       vale o no vale la pena? fabuloso 
Muy recomendable   showReview(22306004, 'full');  
Excelente hotel y excelentes...   showReview(21582593, 'full');  
Coppia giovane. Tutto molto...   showReview(21417837, 'full');  
Me encantó el hotel, sobre todo...   showReview(21469405, 'full');  
Ojito con este Hotel   showReview(20267398, 'full');  
Excelente hotel, muy buena...   showReview(18735775, 'full');  
Moderno y cómodo   showReview(18149224, 'full');  
Bellissimo hotel in una zona da...   showReview(18522123, 'full');  
Ottimo Hotel! Struttura...   showReview(17571416, 'full');  
Trés bon hotel, mais la...   showReview(14029451, 'full');  
recepcionista antipatica   showReview(13802551, 'full');  
L'hotel è molto lontano dal...   showReview(12945168, 'full');  
Albergo molto bello,anche se un...   showReview(13163384, 'full');  
Ottimo Hotel! Struttura...   showReview(13000897, 'full');  
L'albergo dispone di due...   showReview(12871406, 'full');  
Ottimo Hotel x qualità e...   showReview(13163378, 'full');  
No podemos votar porque es un...   showReview(12651858, 'full');  
Ho soggiornato dal 13/12/07 al...   showReview(12651575, 'full');  
VERO 4 STELLE, BUON SERVIZIO E...   showReview(12649228, 'full');  
Hotel che consiglio...   showReview(11373875, 'full');  
Tutto ottimo, peccato il...   showReview(11373877, 'full');  
Me gustó bastante el Hotel, fue...   showReview(11373879, 'full');  
Trés très bien, tous ce que...   showReview(11373878, 'full');  
Bien en general. La primera...   showReview(11373881, 'full');  
El hotel es muy bueno la...   showReview(11373880, 'full');  
OTTIMO ALBERGO MODERNO E...   showReview(11373883, 'full');  
Si hemos estado en Madrid. No...   showReview(11373882, 'full');  
Le restaurant de l'hotel est...   showReview(11373884, 'full');  
Situation sur le plan incorrect...   showReview(11373885, 'full');  
Ha sido una época de poco...   showReview(11373886, 'full');  
Ottimo ed ancora ottimo...   showReview(11373887, 'full');  
Très bon accueil en français...   showReview(11373888, 'full');  
Prestation de qualité. Un peu...   showReview(12650942, 'full');  
Tutto OK l'albergo è un pò...   showReview(11373889, 'full');  
Avevamo lo sconto del 4% di...   showReview(11373890, 'full');  
Es un Hotel que se encuentra...   showReview(11373876, 'full');  
Petit déjeuner trés copieux...   showReview(11373891, 'full');  
Es un hotel estupendo y a buen...   showReview(11373892, 'full');  
El hotel esta muy bien por que...   showReview(11373895, 'full');  
Ottimo hotel da consigliare...   showReview(11373894, 'full');  
Prima volta a Madrid. L'hotel è...   showReview(11373893, 'full');  
Un hotel bonito, en una zona...   showReview(11373896, 'full');  
Correcto, bien situado.   showReview(4724934, 'full');  
Realmente nos hemos quedado...   showReview(11373899, 'full');  
En la pagina no se informa que...   showReview(11373898, 'full');  
プエルタ・デル・ソル...   showReview(19916570, 'full');  
住宅街の中にあり、地...   showReview(19916137, 'full');  
