It doesn't get much better than this We stayed for 4 nights over Christmas, and if you want quiet, privacy, luxury and total RR , then stay here. It is half an hour from busy Ubud, with a free car service for trips into town - but why you would want to leave your 4 poster room, with its amazing jungle views, private heated plunge pool, deck, and 5 star room service is beyond us.... (oh, we did sneak out for some excellent massages in the riverside spa, and for meals in the lovely restaurant)This is one of the nicest hotels we have ever stayed in - many thanks to charming Hadi, the front office manager, and his excellent staff for looking after us so well during our stay. If you want to experience the non tourist, more sophisticated face of Bali then go and hide in this hotel! 
what a fabulous hotel! My wife and I stayed at the Hanging Gardens for an entire week recently and we loved every minute. This place is so unique! It's built on a steep slope in the rain forest outside of Ubud making it very secluded and private. The staff is so friendly and helpful, and they aren`t this way just because they expect a tip in return. The Balinese are a kind folk, always smiling. We were very impressed with our villa. Lots of wood, windows, a private plunge pool with a deck, and so much style! The fenicular transport up and down the hotel grounds was so much fun. Eating breakfast overlooking the rain forest every day was simply amazing. The cocktails were equally amazing, delicious! Dinner was of the highest quality with the service to match. We loved every single moment at Hanging Gardens and can't wait to return. Dana, the food and beverage manager, was totally cool and very helpful with anything we needed during our week-long stay. All in all, we think this was the best hotel we've ever experienced.Thank you Hanging Gardens!Jake and Andrea 
The best       main pool 
Wonderful Hideaway I stayed at the Hanging Gardens with my girlfriend and it was the perfect hideaway. It's a great place for couples. Our villa had a private sundeck and infinity edge pool overlooking the valley. You could hear a small river below. The whole place sits on a hillside and is very nicely arranged. The staff were amazing! Friendly, helpful and humble. Very charming! The massage we had at the couples' room was a dream! We had dinner at the restaurant and through room service, set on our private deck, both fantastic!Only problem: the little funicular that takes you up and down the hill, eg. from your villa to the restaurant, was broken when we arrived so we had to walk a lot. Once again the staff were amazing, one gentleman walked with us and offered to explain the wildlife and flowers to us. It was charming, very charming! Go stay!! 
Wonderful hotel My family and I just returned from a visit to Bali where we spent four night at the Ubud Hanging Gardens. It is a spectacular property.We booked a family suite that was great for our family of four (kids ages 8 and 12). There were two bedrooms, with the kid's bedroom downstairs and two bathrooms -- that was a pleasant and unexpected surprise. Many family suites I've stayed in across the world seem to have only one shared bathroom.The master bedroom and bath were lovely -- huge, well furnished, completely comfortable. The plunge pool was fantastic; it overlooked thick green forest.The people who work at this property have to be just some of the loveliest I've ever met. From the driver who picks you up to the check in staff to the funicular operator -- EVERYONE is happy to see you and by the second day they know your names and greet you so enthusiastically when you return from an outing. No request is denied and the staff is eager to learn your preferences.The library, the bar, the dining room are all very nice and everywhere you see special little touches that add up to a wonderful atmosphere.If you stay here then walk all the way down to the river and relax down on the bamboo deck and listen to the water rushing by. Downtown Ubud is a bit chaotic and is overflowing with tourists and lots of restaurants and hotels. If you want that busy buzz then don't stay at Ubud Hanging Gardens.If you want a peaceful and romantic place that is probably unlike anywhere you've ever been then choose this wonderful hotel. 
The perfect start to the perfect honeymoon I am writing a belated entry following our honeymoon in July. We stayed in the hotel for 4 days before moving to busier parts of the island.In brief the hotel is perfect. the scenary literally takes your breath away as does the service of the staff. I read a comment about poor english and communication? Down right untruth! I wonder how good the persons' Balinese was. The staff were in my opinion the best of all the people we met in bali.Our stay was perfect, we felt very relaxed there. We had the most amazing massage and I recommend it to anyone even us guys.Any negatives? Not really, it would have been nice to get breakfast in bed included i guess and dinner in the resturant is a bit pricey but a must at least on the first night!Nicholas (the manager) was a very approachable man. Before we checked out he spent about 30 minutes advising us where to go and what to do in our next destination. We will definately be going back in the future! 
Perfect Hotel in a Perfect Setting       Bedroom 
Will make you smile       Villa 
Management Overshadows Beauty The Hanging Gardens is set in one of the most picturesque of imaginable places, even by Balinese standards, and has been designed to maximize visual effect, built right into the sharp gourge wall that slopes into the river below, overlooking a wonderful temple across the river on the opposite side.Unfortunately, there are two major problems that destroy the pleasure one gets from seeing the amazing vista.These problems are due to the designers and the management's complete misunderstanding of Ubud, that it is a place for serenity, relaxing and getting away from the whirring and humming of machines, closer to nature.I believe that the place would be 1000 times better if run by a Balinese company.1. The design of the hotel has no regard for privacy or for quiet. The cable car runs all night, the pumps running the indiviudal pools run most of the night, the AC's of your neighbors' villas run all night (because they like living behind closed doors and windows, not within the amazing nature that surounds them, like in their apratments back home), and the road adjacent to the hotel is full (especially at night) with cars and motorbikes flying down the hill and straining up the hill. You cannot imagine how annoying this is. I cannot understand why the developers went 30 minutes from Ubud to find land right next to a busy mountain road in a place were cars and motorbikes have almost no mufflers....what a waste.Re: privacy, you see into other people's villas below you, especially around the personal pool area, other people see into yours from above. Forget frolicking poolside in your birthday suit with your loved one. And the top villas are close to the road. There is no escape.2. Management is humorously smug. They have the audacity to request a dress code of smart elegance at dinner. You're in the jungle, bats and lizards and palms and such, surrounded by a culture that lives in sandals, and they go out of their way to make you UNcomfortable. They demand you make reservations for dinner, as there are not enough places for all guests (and you're 20-30 min from a decent restaurant). And even when the place is empty, they give you dirty looks, make you wait to 'see if that table is available' if you didn't call ahead 2 hrs. Dinner is a show of 'look at our amazing creations', at which one should express awe at the (truly good) chef's ability to make great food from great produce. Like 20 others in the city.The manager's comment to our moving to new villa to try to get some privacy and quiet was 'that is no problem.' As if my request for peace and quiet with my wife at +350 USD/night could cause him problems.... The Hanging Gardens is all very 'remember our colonial past'...and at the end of the day, its all very silly considering the overall quality - good, but not great (fit and finish is average, handles falling off of doors and sinks, etc., slow service, constant misunderstandings in english over the phone, bad breakfast).In short, go there around lunch for a massage, then sit on the lower porch, sipping your drink of choice with amazing sushi, french fusion, spicy local and great desserts, take a picture in the one of a kind pool. about an hour before nightfall, get in your car and leave. drive to one of the 10 great hotels near ubud that understands that bringing the city to the jungle is the worst that a hotel in ubud can do. One that understands why Ubud is one of the most amazing places on the planet - peace, quiet and nature.we left after the second night, went to the Pita Maha, paid 30% less, enjoyed it immensely more. 
Excellent garden We have just returned from a 3 days at the Hanging garden. The place is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before.Thank you!!!!! 
The ultimate experience       View of the rainforest and plunge pool 
Stunning location. Exceptional service.       Resort pools 
A Gourmet Paradise       How is this for a welcome? 
Simply perfect       flower in the toilet! 
Romantic Hideaway in the Forest       The Funicular 
Amazing Room But The Food Was Suspect We stayed in a panoramic room, high up on the hill and with a view across the valley to the temple. The infinity pool was magic and it was very relaxing lying around and simply listening to the sounds of the jungle. I have to say this was the nicest hotel room I have ever stayed in, which was just as well because my finance and I got 'bali belly' on the second day of our stay. Admittedly, we could have been more vigilant about only using bottled water when cleaning our teeth but we both got sick at the same time and after only eating hotel food. This put a real downer on our holiday because we were confined to our room for the rest of our stay. The buffet breakfast was so-so, the pastries tasted strange and our room service dinner was lukewarm (we shared a prawn dish and I suspect this was the culprit). However, the staff were very friendly and welcoming and spoke good English. There seemed to be quite a few people staying at the hotel but it did feel like a ghost town in the middle of the day. Overall, I have mixed feelings about this place - it looks great but with so many beautiful hotels in Bali, I'm not sure I'll return. 
Simply wonderful! We just left the Ubud Hanging Gardens and have to say: We had a wonderful experience! This is truly a very unique place! Spectacular site, lots of nature, beautiful views, we enjoyed each and every moment. The rooms are well designed (we loved our private pool!), the food is excellent (no wonder, French chef!) and the staff was very professional and polite. We are very grateful for having had such a fantastic time and can truly recommend this hotel. If we will go to Bali again, we will definitely come back to the Hanging Gardens. 
Beautiful Place       Row of Villas in Rain forest 
Disappointed The hotel is unusual, with its great settings and features such as the funicular and infinity edge pools, but tends to life off this rather than to make the true effort expected in this top price category. Our deluxe pool villa showed clear signs of wear and tear and included a completely moldy vase. Our welcome towels were not taken away 48 hours later. Unfortunately this hotel is too far away from Ubud (40 min) and there is nothing nearby. It is difficult to understand how a top category hotel like this does not offer any shuttle back after 17h30. It was simply not worth the money, there are other very nice hotels with great views and service closer to Ubud. 
Almost perfect       Desk 
very nice honeymoon       the pool and the view 
Stunning!!! Loved It!!!       View from the bedroom 
Lush and peaceful Yes, Ubud Hanging Gardens is further away from Ubud Town, so if you want to be near to town throughout your stay in Ubud, then this is not the place for you. But you'll be missing out. The appeal of UHG is that it is quiet, away from it all (but still with all modern luxuries) and set in and around a lush forest. So why not stay at UHG for a few nights, then move to a hotel nearer to town? This is what my boyfriend and I did, and it turned out to be the perfect arrangement.The villa we stayed in at UHG was beautiful, the infinity pool was spectacular and we had no complaints at all about the service or the privacy. We went in the rainy season and the pool was cold in the morning, but once you got in, it was fine. We went swimming every morning in fact. We borrowed their bicycles and cycled around the nearby areas - the scenery was just wonderful and the people so friendly. I'd recommend taking a daytrip to Gunung Kawi (may have misspelt it) - it's by far the best tourist destination we went to in Ubud. If I had to pick one thing for them to improve - it's that the dinners we had at the restaurant were good, rather than very good. 
No way Jose!!!! - find a list: Just a list for you:1. there is a SHUTTLE BUS which finishes at 17.00pm.What are you going to do with the rest of the evening? Are you ready to pay 15 dollars each time you get their cars.??? Teh only on offer. 30 dollars return is a lot of money in Bali and even in London where we come from2. as a consequence of number 1 YOU ARE FORCED TO STAY IN THE HOTEL FOR DINNER...(there is absolutely, ABSOLUTELY nothing around, I am talking 15 kilometres away for UBUD) and you end up in their restaurant with prices higher than London!!!. You should see all the clients trapped in the restaurant. Always full house.No way to go. You can have a very nice meal in any of so many restaurant in Ubud for around20 dollars( try Nuri麓s Warung...just so great bbq)You choose, 2 bad options: 1)spend 20 pounds every evening to go to Ubud or 2)stay in U H.G.every night and enjoy their cheap dinner around 40 pounds a couple. 40 pounds x 10 days= 400 pounds = 800 dollars3.as a consequence of number 2, you may decide to have some Pringles and a Coke from your room...error...cokes at 3-4 dollars...come on salary in Bali is 4-5 dollars a day aprox.4. The POOL is not as warm as they say. In fact I was in other hotel first (The Elysian in seminyak area so highly recommended!) and the pool was much warmer..no heating system needed. Actually it was kind of cold!5. The SHOWER suddenly became cold after 5 minutes. Thank you very much!6. the nice LIFTS you see in the website are not so nice. Imagine taking 2 of these funiculars and then a lift (2 floors). It can take you to get to reception aprox. 5 minutes鈥nd by the way you麓ll be pestered by the bellboys (are you having dinner with us?, you want to visit the shop?鈥?God!7.NO PRIVACY! Normally honeymooners or anyone would want to be secluded from other people..well鈥ou can see other people麓s swimming pools which is definitely NOT nice鈥?br/>8. AND THE WORST OF ALL, TO TOP IT ALL: they overcharged us by charging us some weird exchange rate which they said was standard in Bali鈥onsequence 30 pounds more/60 dollar per each night!!! unbelievable!!! 
You must try the Ubud Hanging Gardens       Private infinity pool view 
Overrated       The Riverside Villas 
A truly spectacular place The Ubud Hanging Gardens is a truly amazing hotel to visit. It has stunning views, well appointed rooms with amazing staff and service! The main restaurant is spectacular, with a fantastic menu, outstanding service and attention to detail. The rooms are spacious and meet all your traveling needs. There is a heated pool in every villa, we stayed in the family villa, which allows a family to travel together and have there time apart as well. The vehicular is very romantic and allows you to view the valley as you travel between your room, the reception and the restaurant. I had an amazing spa treatment wich was in a beautiful setting and was very peacefull.My overall experence was spectacular. 
To feel like in travel magazines pages..       Bathroom/spa en suite 
Paradise On Earth!!! We just returned from one week of paradise at the Ubud Hanging Gardens, Bali. After a long journey we arrived at the Hanging Gardens, where we were welcomed by a most friendly receptionnist who led us to our magnificent bedroom where some nice refreshing welcome drinks were waiting for us (more than welcome after a long journey !). We loved the location of the hotel, in the middle of the most beautiful landscape of gardens, rice terraces and a marvellous valley.. surrounded by nature ! We very much enjoyed our private plunge pool and terrace which went with our bedroom, the tasteful furniture and decoration of the room and most of all the finishing touch of fresh flowers delicately spread on the bed, which made it all really special.Dining in the restaurant was not only delicious (we loved the french touch in the asian dishes), but very romantic as well with it's stunning view over the valley and the tasteful candle-light. Espacially the fish dishes were of high quality. Complete relaxation in the SPA, it was great to enjoy such a relaxing exprerience together !We do recommend the picnic baskets provided by the hotel, easy to take away and of good quality, we could optimise our day trips and excursions in the surroundings.Wherever we went, restaurant, bar, SPA.. all the staffmembers were most friendly and helpful.In one word : Terrific! 
below par, a huge disappointment I recently planned a trip to Indonesia for a group of seven friends. Based on some favorable reports of the Hanging Gardens in several travel magazines, the Luxe guide, and my prior stay at the Pansea La Residencia, I chose to stay at your hotel. This was my fifth trip to Indonesia and I have stayed at several boutique, villa hotels in the Ubud area such as the Pita Maha and the Kupu Kupu Barong. I was extremely disappointed with many aspects of the hotel that were far below the standard I expected for the price and reputation of Orient Express and Pansea. 1) The unfavorable impressions began as soon as we stepped into the lobby. We were asked to complete the check in forms and the front desk attendant could only find one pen for the seven of us. After completing the forms we were escorted to our rooms. 2) Certainly, we were expecting a welcome drink in the lobby. No staff member explained that a welcome drink would be served to us later in the room. 3) The staff member who escorted us to the room was harried. He did not explain the facilities or orient us to the room. When we arrived at the room, he placed the key in the electrical switch and said that he was too busy to complete the room orientation but we could call the reception with any questions.4) Our baggage arrived about 45minutes later but one of the bags was missing and showed up about 20 minutes after that.5) Sometime in between the baggage deliveries, the welcome drinks and cold towels finally arrived. 6) Our bedspread and decorative bed pillows were stained. See attachment photos.7) A musical CD was included in the room entertainment center but figuring how to play it on the DVD and television system was impossible and no instructions were provided.8) Although a flat screen television is in the room, the cable signal is not high definition and as a result, the picture quality is poor.9) While we dined at the hotel the first night, housekeeping came and turned down the bed. They took the welcome drinks and towels and placed in the alcove with the Ganesh statue by the front door of our villa. The next morning when we went to breakfast, they were still sitting in the Alcove, now covered with insects.10) Universally, all of us noted that the towels in the room had stains, holes, were rough, grayed, and did not smell fresh.11) Many of the hotel staff consistently had body odor.12) Service at the restaurant was poor and the wait staff did not seem to appreciate that certain services should be automatic. Refills of coffee required constant prodding of the staff. When we requested milk for the coffee, we were directed to the large milk decanter for cereal at the buffet. 13) We inquired about Yoga at the hotel and were told that it would be $70 for one person and $140 for four.14) Internet access rates were quoted as $10 for one hour.15) The tissue dispenser next to their bed was empty on check-in, and that the bedside flashlight was dead. 16) Algae were growing, abundantly, in the main pool.17) There was absolutely no service at the main pool. If we wanted a drink or snack we had to walk up to the bar to get it. When guests vacated their lounge area at the pool, the area was not refreshed for the next guest. The used towels just lay at poolside or in hamper overflowing with towels. Garbage from prior guests was left next to the pool. See attachments.18) One morning after breakfast I walked up to the library to look for a newspaper, beer bottles from the prior night were still sitting in the lounge area next to the stairs to the library.19) When we tried to call to have coffee delivered to our room before breakfast no one answered the phone. We had to walk to the restaurant to ask for this and were told that the hotel only had two sets of coffee service for delivery and that the hotel prefers guests not to have coffee in the room. As an example of the gross disparity in the level of service and attention to detail at the Hanging gardens, I took our group to the Pita Maha since we were having dinner nearby. We walked into the lobby and I told the front desk attendant that I had stayed there previously and that I wanted my friends to see the hotel. They immediately offered us cold towels and welcome drinks then showed my friends two rooms.  I would say that I have very clear expectations from a hotel such as the Hanging Gardens .1) I expect to be greeted on arrival with a welcome drink and cold towel in the lobby.2) I expect that a daily newspaper be delivered to the room.3) In a boutique hotel of this size, breakfast should be made to order and not a buffet.4) Internet service should be complimentary or available for a nominal fee. Ten dollars is more than I pay for an entire month of high-speed access at home.5) Activities like Yoga should also be complimentary or at a nominal fee. The rates quoted are more than we would pay for access to Yoga in the most exclusive fitness centers in the United States . 6) A full compliment of spa quality bath products should be provided. Only soap, shampoo (black colored), and body lotion was provided-no bath salts, bath gel, or hair conditioner. I have some final comments on the room itself. The hotels of Bali are famous their outside bathing areas, but the outdoor shower was very unappealing. The terrazzo finish on the interior wall stops abruptly at the glass transitioning to exposed gray concrete block. The area is dingy and lacks any visual appeal. The industrial light fixture on the wall is an eyesore. The area could be improved by finishing the wall in the same manner as the interior and placing a relief on the wall, or a fountain, and some plants or carved stone lanterns which could be lit at night with the turndown service. Given the distance that the Hanging Gardens is from Ubud, I think that the hotel should go out of its way to provide services and perks that make a stay there special and worth the inconvenience of its location. As you can see, we were all disappointed with many aspects of our stay with you. If it was simply one or two issues, I would have easily let it go. However, our experience was so far below the standards that we associate with Pansea and Orient Express that I had to formally bring it to your attention. I hope that you find this helpful. 
magical place               More photos 
Jungle Cozy Wonderfully secluded Pansea Orient Express hotel in the middle of the jungle with private villa style setting, each with its own plunge pool. A relatively new property, we arrived on the weekend and assumed shortcomings arose from weekend temporary off-peak staff: some inservicing is definitely required.Plus:* isolated location* included breakfast* private plunge poolsMinus:* isolated location (40 minutes from Ubud, nearly 3 hours from Den Pasar airport; nothing close by - a hire car or shuttle is needed)* repetitive breakfast* limited spa rooms (22 villas, 2 rooms - book early or you are out of luck)Why this does not feel like a luxe resort (for the price):* toiletries not high grade* linens not pristine* towels not absorbent (some dirtily stained)* overbuffed hardwood floors (perhaps insect repellent?)* faulty directional shower heads (excessive splash outside tub when water temperature optimized)* limited vegetarian and heart-healthy items in restaurant menu* added charge for web use* added excessive charge for yoga class* only two (2) available room service tea services (22 villas!)* communication in the English language is limitedWe did speak with the assistant manager of our concerns but nothing was done to address them prospectively.If the price were more reasonable (one has greater expectations with higher pricing), I would go back. 
Peaceful and beautiful I stayed here with my family, a group of 7 adults and one child - and we had an amazing time. The location was a bit outside of Ubud, but the 30 minute ride was so nice and scenic that we didn't mind it at all. Plus it was kind of nice to be surrounded by nature and out of the center of Ubud. Not to mention that the hotel overlooks a beautiful Hindu temple.The room was stunning, the chocolate chip cookies that you get from the turndown service was a nice touch. The food at the hotel was good and not too expensive.The staff were all very friendly and helpful.The negatives:- I wish that the in room pool was heated, cause there are moments (at night) where it will be nice to be able to dip into the pool.- This is more of saftey issue.We went in the raininy season and it rained almost everyday. Eventhough the rain will only last for 5 or 10 minutes at a time and wasnt heavy at all. However, it made the pathway from the room to the lobby very slippery. They should add some sort of grid on the pathway to help guests get to their rooms safely.Other than that my whole family had a wonderful realxing time at this resort and we will highly recommend it. 
outstanding secluded relaxation       bed 
Ubud hanging gardens Hanging Gardens is a perfect place to enjoy your travel companion. My husband and I were amazed at the beauty of the the resort as well as the surrounding landscape. We can't say enough about the helpful and pleasant staff. The gourmet dining room was fantastic and reasonable for resort dining. The local brew, Bintang, is great. The views were breath-taking. A wonderful place to relax and soak up the sun. The air in the mountains is much drier than that of the beach areas which is a major plus!!! I wish I could have stayed there longer. Our only recommendation is that you arrange transportation in advance. The hotel offers it and after the Denpasar airport experience you'll be happy to know someone is waiting to whisk you away to paradise. Hope this helps! 
Beutiful, Relaxed and Well treated My partner and I just returned from 4 nights at the Hanging Gardens and it was a magical stay. The hotel, while somewhat outsde of the town of Ubud, is perfectly situated high on a hill above the river. The only sounds one hears are of monkeys, water and calm. The service in the hotel was extremely attentive to our needs. The hotel is new, with each room having its own affinity pool. We enjoyed mountain biking on the hotels very new bikes. We aslo took a whitewater rafting excursion from the hotel. The food was excellent and the rooms were clean and well appointed. I highly recommend the hotel for a peaceful vacation away from it all. 
Heaven on earth   showReview(5558134, 'full');  
Spectacular view but way too anglofied   showReview(5500745, 'full');  
Wonderful and a Must-Stay!   showReview(5492309, 'full');  
Beautiful view       two large tubs (this one is in-room) 
Stunning   showReview(4736741, 'full');  
Sorry to say this but Ubud Hanging Gardens is a tad overated...   showReview(4560054, 'full');  
Spectacular       River level villas 
Quiet, peaceful, like Shangra La   showReview(4157737, 'full');  
Magical   showReview(4043211, 'full');  
Hard to leave...   showReview(4036685, 'full');  
magnifique hotel   showReview(22716283, 'full');  
Wunderbares Hotel in Mitten der Natur mit balinesischem Charme   showReview(22308343, 'full');  
Bonitas vistas. Todo lo demas, regular.       piscina privada 
Da werden Tr盲ume wahr!       Pool mit Aussicht 
Exp茅rience magnifique dans une nature de r锚ve, personnel admirable   showReview(21864855, 'full');  
magnifico y encantador hotel   showReview(21374723, 'full');  
Tr猫s bel 茅tablissement   showReview(21274198, 'full');  
Un hotel magnifique et un accueil remarquable       Suite avec piscine 
銇亱銇亱銈堛亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(20836436, 'full');  
Un hotel unique, un moment inoubliable, un lieu hors du temps...       Une vegetation magnifique et des bungalows intimes et ravissants 
Un tr猫s bon point       miam miam 
澶ц嚜鐒躲伄涓仹銇倱銇炽倞璐呮并銇亷銇斻仚       銉椼兗銉粯銈炽儐銉笺偢 
Superbe   showReview(19671842, 'full');  
Encantados con este hotel   showReview(18963591, 'full');  
une retraite parfaite   showReview(18409297, 'full');  
Expectacular       zona t茅 
Unique et inimitable       vue de la chambre.. 
le paradis existe....   showReview(17574428, 'full');  
luxe et volupt茅   showReview(15988136, 'full');  
Liebe auf den ersten Blick   showReview(15738095, 'full');  
Splendide !   showReview(14110097, 'full');  
Un lujo en medio de la selva       La villa con su piscina privada 
pas loin du luxe       les piscines 
Allez-y sans h茅siter !   showReview(11294228, 'full');  
銈︺儢銉夈伄濂ユ繁銇勬笓璋枫兇銈ｃ儵   showReview(19955440, 'full');  
Volveremos sin duda   showReview(10383650, 'full');  
澶ц嚜鐒躲伄涓仹銇倱銇炽倞銇с亶銇俱仚   showReview(19955299, 'full');  
銇倱銇炽倞銇с亶銇俱仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19955127, 'full');  
Zenitude   showReview(7960248, 'full');  
Notre meilleur h么tel jusqu'ici!!   showReview(11416675, 'full');  
Un verdadero ensue帽o, INOLVIDABLE!!               More photos 
閬犮亱銇ｃ仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19955037, 'full');  
Precioso!!   showReview(6688187, 'full');  
Das Hotel war beeindruckend   showReview(6055007, 'full');  
Grosse d茅ception!   showReview(5768527, 'full');  
鏅壊銇屻偣銉愩儵銈枫偆銆滐紒   showReview(19954815, 'full');  
