Depressing Hotel       Looking towards the window, the wardrobe is on the right with a small safe in it. 
Cool Place, Excellent Breakfast The room is not a large at all ;-))) but it's nice furbished and clean. Bathroom was well equiped, the AC was working ok. The window was small and covered by a heavy curtain. Nothing to see through the window, anyway (just a grey wall).We have enjoyed the stay, though (holiday travel). The city is absolutely amazing (architecture, events, night life, gastronomy etc) so you don't need to spend too much time in the hotel room. Just sleep, shower and go back to the street. The laundry is not working on Saturdays  Sundays.The breakfast is +++++ (if you are not a vegan, of course:)): a large selection of catalan ham specialities is waiting for you here every morning.However, there is a cool pub just in front of the hotel. It's very catalan (a large selection of tapas, anchovies, bacalao, Estrella Damm bier and a very good  strrrrong expresso) The hotel it's very close to the Monumental de Torros de Barcelona (Bullfight arena). Every Sunday there is a Bullfight show here: if you like this kind of performance you can pay a ticket (from Euro 12 to 20) . If you hate it, you can join the bullfight protesters just in front of the tickets offices ;-)))Other touristic atractions next to hotel: the famous temple of the Sagrada Familia (15 min by walk) and Torre Agbar.Unfortunatelly the hotel is not very close to Placa Catalunya ... but you can manage this by subway or by bus ;-) 
money well spent       Harbour 
keep away!!! Hi,I stayed at this hotel in Feb.2008 for 3 nights for business reasons.They charged me 172,-- Euros per night for a lousy and extremely noisy single bed room. No daylight at all. The window opened to a shaft, facing the window of another guest room in 2,5 meters distance. Breakfast has been served in the basement without any windows.A real horror-hotel without any faciltities around. I really recommend to upgrade to another place. Keep away!!!!.wbrchris 
Great Price and Location We travelled here for a weekend break to watch the Barcelona match, and stayed for 4 nights, What can I say, I was very impressed, as soon as we arrived at 12pm we were allowed to check in, which is good for a hotel. The staff were very welcoming especially manuel the man of reception, who was a star, especially when we lost our room key. The area was great with a big shopping centre nearby (glories) and also (diagonal) is not that far away. The room was clean and comfy, and the breakfast selection was good and fresh. The Monumental metro station is the nearest and the hotel is easy to find from there. You are only 4 stops from placa da catalunya which is where La Rambla starts, and most of the nightlife happens. If you are looking to book a cheap good value hotel, go here as you will not regret it. 
Good value for Your money We stayed in Hotel Glories for 3 nights (parents  13 yrs old child)Seemed to be quite new, so the room was OK, however with the additional bed for our son the room was quite narrow.The bathroom was also very clean and quite big. The breakfast was OK.The only (and small) minus point is, that hotel is not very close to the centre of Barcelona, but 5 minutes walk to the metro so You can get everywhere.The staff was nice and helpfull. 
bed bugs so...distroyed holiday       blood on sheet 
excellent hotel and price for Barcelona Booked 2 nights on Glories Hotel on Venere.com and got a good price for it after the Med. cruise. Did not expect a lot but we were so happy to find a room with connected room for total of 4 beds. Hotel receptionist held our luggages so we could explore the city, got a 2 days ticket for Tour bus Turistic, station was 8 min. walk. The breakfast was excellent, out of our expectation, an online store just opposite of the hotel and it was cheap too.The room with a safe and a fridge. Excellent value, good services. 
Good hote for a few nights stay This hotel was recommended by a friend who'd stayed there previously and it did not disappoint. It was clean and comfortable and the location whist not exactly central was within easy reach of the tube station and just 10 mins stroll from the Sagrada Familia.There was a good choice of buffet breakfast and the staff were helpful and spoke excellent English.If I had to mention the negatives then I think I would say that there wasn't enough light in our room. As we faced the rear of the building (better cus no noise) there was very little natural daylight coming in but the electric lights and lamp hardly gave off any light so putting make up on was not an easy task neither was reading or checking maps.I have stayed in similar hotels in other cities and it is pretty much what you would expect from a 3 * city hotel. I would stay there again if I went to Barcelona in the future.Barcelona is a lovely city and there is plenty to see and do.We were aware of pickpockets and have to report that we were involved in an incident on the underground at about 11.40pm one night when 2 black guys sandwiched my 76 year old father on the up escalator. The one in front of him had dropped a cigarette packet and made out like he was bending to pick it up whilst moving from side to side to prevent my Dad overtaking him. Meanwhile the one behind tried to relieve him of his wallet which was in his back pocket. Luckily my Dad felt what was going on and called out to me so we confronted the 2 guys who made out like they were innocent (seeing as they'd failed to obtain the wallet) but it was a classic trick to be aware of - you can't be too careful. 
Far from a 'disaster' We enjoyed our stay at Hotel Glories. This 3* hotel is a 3* hotel! Therefore you get what you pay for and as such we cannot complain.The lift - although small - is not offensive. Our room was spacious and clean. The staff were friendly, helpful and spoke good English. We did not opt for the breakfast. However, the supermarket and bakery next door provided adequate morning refreshment and convenient groceries. The location was ideal - walking distance from various tourist attractions, including beautiful beaches, Barcelona zoo, and Gaudi's Cathedral. We would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a city break in Barcelona. 
Disaster This hotel is not suitable for a relaxing, romantic break as we had intended. The first problem was the lift - there was not enough room for me (small), my husband (tall,blocky) and 1 small suitcase - we had to squash in! We travelled downward to the basement area. Our room was tiny - a very small double bed pushed right up to the ensuite wall. There was a two foot aisle left in the room! The view from the window was diagonally opposite the neighbouring window and was surrounded by a triangular concrete tunnel - there was daylight somewhere at the top! Extremely dungeon like. The ensuite was long and very narrow - bath/shower way too small and quite grubby. The TV had no english channels. The breakfast room has no daylight at all and a very small breakfast buffet. Neither of us are closterphobic but we couldn't wait to get out of there. We ended up walking the legs off ourselves in Barcelona as we couldn't bear to be in the hotel any longer than we absolutely had to. We never thought to try and change the room - looking at the website on our return they obviously have larger rooms available. We couldn't wait to get home and the hotel definitely put a damper on our weekend getaway. Will not be recommending to anyone - unless you're a backpacker and just need somewhere small to lay your head ... 
Were positive suprised I stayed in Glories for a few days in early April. For all you who are too lazy to read all this, I would definitely recommend this hotel. It's 5 min. from the Monumental (L2) metro station away, located in a small alley aside the 2 main roads nearby, so there is almost no traffic noise. There is a tiny supermarket next to the hotel and some bars+restaurants are in the surrounding. All the main attractions can be reached by foot if you like walking through barcelona (which isn't boring at all). The sagrada familia is only 10 min. away, the beach about 20 min. and Les Rambles 25 min. Breakfast is very good and you can eat until 11 o'clock. I can't say anything about the staff cuz I didn't had any problems or requests. The rooms had an appropriate size, were clean and everything worked fine. But don't expect sea view or a view over the city, you either are going to see a backyard or houses. The only downside is, that we booked a doubleroom but had 2 small beds combined to one instead of one big bed. Uh I forgot, the use of the safe is for free. 
Fantastic!! My partner and I stayed here for 4 days in March. It was perfectly located, 5 mins from the Metro. Hotel was immaculate, bathroom was good size with toiletries etc..staff were brilliant, the buffet breakfast was amazing and so cheap! Cafe and mini-market right next door. Shopping Mall 10 mins walk with restaurants, fast food, English and Spanish shops. Close enough to Barcelona without being right in the centre. What more can I say...I would definitely stay here again. 
Good overall value I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel from 20-22nd March. I booked the room through Easyjet Hotel site after checking the reviews on this site. I had booked a twin room for myself and friend. We arrived at the hotel at about 12.30pm but were not able to book in until 2pm. However, the receptionist popped our bags in a secure room and we went sightseeing and returned later. Check in fine, no problems at all. Twin room was in the basement area and there was no view from the small window just a tiny courtyard area. However, this meant we had absolutely no noice from traffic and it was really very quiet unlike a earlier review. The only problem with the basement area is you might be woken up by people going down to breakfast earlier (if you are a light sleeper).Room extremely clean and tidy and very pleasant. Plenty of hot water at all times for Showers and Bath. Only down side it there is no tea/coffee facilities in room although there are vending machines in the foyee area. Breakfast lovely - We stayed midweek and had no problems getting a table between 8.30-9am at all although I imagine it is busier at weekends. Lovely selection of food. Well worth the extra £23 I paid for the two of us to include breakfast. Breakfast available between 7.00-11am. Polite staff. Both times we approached the desk for help with directions, bus routes to town etc, they were helpful providing info etc. The hotel is a little out of the way if you are really after a central location but buses run from just round the corner to Placa de Catalunya (centre of town) and we also used the Metro. We felt quite safe using the metro but I would agree with an ealier review that GLORIES station is a little confusing. We used the metro to come back to the hotel late at night and found ourslelves walking around what looked like Spagetti Junction. The area has no housing around and both of us felt a little frightened although not threatened at all. Fine to use in the day though. If you know where you are going just 7 minutes walk from the hotel. If you walk in to centre of town, it takes 30 minutes. When we booked out the hotel kept our bags for us to collect late afternoon so we had the day sightseeing without dragging bags around.Overall good sound hotel if you don't mind being a little way from the centre. Would use again. Worth getting a two day BusTuristic ticket (open top tourist buses) that travel around the main tourist sides. Costs Euro 23 for two days and you can get many discounts on museums etc with the ticket.Very nice city. 
Very Average Very average hotel for price.Requested (indeed booked) a twin room, but was provided with a double. Room clean, but traffic noise at all hours other than between 1am and 5.30am made it difficult to sleep.Whilst not bpthered abut TV, one was in the room but very poor quality as only 3 of the 30 channel had any reception.Location well away from main tourist sights, but well located for Metro. 
Great Hotel at a budget price Couldn't fault the Hotel. Rooms clean, comfortable  well furnished. Excellent choice at breakfast. Staff very friendly. The easiest way to get to  from the Hotel is to use busses 7 or 56 which go along the Grand Via des les Corts Catalan from Passeig de Gracia. Journey takes about 10 mins. The Carra da Padilla stop is just a minute from the Hotel. If travelling by Metro use Monumental station rather than Glories. It is difficult to find the hotel from the latter. 
This Hotel was totally great! This Hotel is very beautiful! The rooms are big and the beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms are very beautiful and big. The breakfast is wonderful. It gives everything what you can dream of. The People in the lobby are very nice and kind. The location from the hotel is ca.2km away from the city but it is no problem to walk this because the way is so beautiful! I just can recommend the Hotel and Barcelona! 
Brilliant birthday trip! My family stayed in this hotel for my brothers 21st Birthday in 2003 and thought it was fantastic for the price and the number of stars it is! We had the family room with a double and then a small room with 2 singles with shared bathroom. Both rooms were very comfortable and we had a great view of the street from the main room. Small room didn't have a window. Bathroom was marble and was very clean as was the whole room.The location wasn't right next to places such as Las Ramblas but just a short metro ride away so no problems!Breakfast was a vast selection of meats, yogurts, cereals, juice, coffees, teas and was delicious. We ate out for all other meals.The staff were fine.One tip from me would be to learn the basics of the language just to get around...We only stayed for 3 days but I need to return as could have spent much longer especially around Las Ramblas in the evenings to experience the nightlife as didn't get to with my family!Highly recommend the Glories Hotel! 
Not bad on a budget We booked via a last minute deal and got an excellent price for flight plus hotel deal so we were expecting nothing fancyBedrooms are basic but clean and had comfy double bed. Shower was excellent in the fully appointed bathroom room but room was heavily scented with air freshener on arrival which disguised a musty smell from the bathroom, probably caused by the bathroom fan not working.In room TV was rubbish for reception and our room had no kind of a view but what do you expect on a budget?Note for winter users - room was quite hot and they turn the aircon off for winter so if it is switched on it justy blows hot air.Breakfast was superb, staff on reception pretty good and with decent EnglishLocation wise if you want to step outside hotel and be in Las Ramblas then this hotel is not for you, however metro is 5 mins walk and getting into the centre is really easy. Some might find the walk in a quiet area in the dark to the Metro a little bit of a worry but I would feel more intimidated in most towns in the UKThere is no nightlife in the immediate locality and you do need to travel for the clubs bars and eating out but prices are lower outside the centre and we found it an excellent base for exploring the city over a long weekend 
Basic, safe, clean place to stay with easy access to the city I picked this hotel based on price and location. It is 2.5 blocks from the Monumental subway stop which is just 3 blocks east of Sagura Familia cathedral. 2 subway stops to the heart of the old city so location was convenient but out of the center which accounts for its lower price. It is in a neighborhood of apartments and local shops and restaurants. I felt perfectly safe at all times. The hotel is very nice if you are looking for a clean, safe, basic appointed place to sleep and shower. The furniture was new and everything in new condition. I appreciate the solid Pergo floors rather than carpeting which is non-hygenic. The bathroom was marble tiled and very nice. The disappointed people clearly had expectations too high for a two star - there is no emphasis here on views from the window or fancy accesories in the bathroom or room service. I am a business traveler who stays in some very fine hotels around the world and I can say this is nice for the active tourist who is going to sleep here and be gone all day. It is not a resort hotel! It was perfectly quiet too I should add. No busy streets or noisy businesses nearby. Desk people were very helpful trying to get my lost airline luggage and all-around perfectly courteous staff. I would go back. 
Basic basically Our room was clean but kind of rundown and very cookie-cutter. The staff was quite helpful and fluent in English and spoke a little French as well. There was Internet access available in the lobby for 1.50 euros per 15 minutes. I’d recommend this hotel for a business traveler on a budget rather than a tourist. 
Don't believe disgruntled reviewers - Glories is OK I' m sorry about the experience of the April 2006 reviewer but we have just returned from the Hotel Glories and enjoyed our stay. The staff were all friendly but their English was a bit sketchy so it helped that I speak Spanish. Perhaps poor English on both sides was the cause of the problems for the previous reviewer. Our room was not huge but was pleasant and very quiet considering we were facing the street, (Barcelona can be very noisy). The air conditioning worked well and the breakfast choice was excellent. One morning we wanted to leave early before breakfast started so we asked if we could have room service. This was not available, but they offered to prepare picnics which we could collect from reception at 6am. When we checked out of the hotel we noticed that the picnics were not on the bill. We queried this and were told that there was no charge as we had not taken breakfast on that day. Quite fair really, but not the norm in many hotels. Approach via Monumental metro station. It's closer. Enjoy your stay. 
Entering the hotel room was LIKE ENTERING IN A PRISON CELL!       View from room window 
To Hot for me... The Hotel is friendly and clean, but the rooms are too small, and the air-conditioner doesn't work well. The windows are sometimes broken, and most of them are to the back street or to a interior space. The staff is nice but their english is not so good. I think, I will never return to this Hotel, is three stars, but maintence is important. 
Mind the roundabout Hotel is very good for a three star hotel. Although basic decoration it is full of everything you need. Recommended for anyone wanting a triple room. We had a two single beds in the main room and then a seperate room with another two beds so no need to sleep too close to your mates. Staff are very helpful and speak excellent English. The hotel was difficult to find as there are a lack of sign posts and this hotel is not in central Barcelona so few people speak English so difficult to ask for directions. When arriving at Glories metro station it was difficult to find the hotel because all that could be seen was a very big roundabout which we ended up doing a full circuit! Took us about three hours and four different locals to find the hotel. Glories shopping centre is about a ten minute walk away where you can find various clothes shops and restaurants.Transport: Once translated the easiest and cheapest mode of transport is the train/metro. Buy a single ticket to either Arch de Triomp (costs approx 2.20 euro's and then change and get on the metro to either Glories or Marina stations. Directions to the hotel from these stations are (as I don't want you to get lost)Glories: Exit the station and turn left at the roundabout. Take the second turning (Road called: Diagonally). c/Padilla is on the left hand side about one or two roads up. Hotel on the right hand side of the road. To get to the shopping centre from the station turn right instead of left. To get get to central Barcelona.Marina (good station to get off for the zoo). Come out of the station and go straight ahead, keep walking until you see a bit whitish building on the left hand side (National Theatre of Catalonia). Take the road on the left and walk past the theatre, follow the road up, cross over at the cross roads and up the next road which is c/Padilla - hotel is on left hand side.Central Barcelona is about a twenty minute walk from the hotel. 
OTTIMA ACCOGLIENZA...   showReview(22769696, 'full');  
L'ideale per chi transita da...   showReview(21888175, 'full');  
Personale disponibile. Ottima...   showReview(21214741, 'full');  
Tout aurait pu être parfait...   showReview(21161807, 'full');  
pesimo hotel   showReview(19975263, 'full');  
Mala relacion calidad precio.   showReview(18313965, 'full');  
Hôtel agréable et bien situé...   showReview(16732386, 'full');  
Wer nur ein Bett zum Schlafen benötigt wird zufrieden sein   showReview(15018965, 'full');  
Grave la mancanza di un...   showReview(16728634, 'full');  
L'ALBERGO CORRISPONDE ALLA...   showReview(16725031, 'full');  
Mein Mann und ich verbrachten...   showReview(14311374, 'full');  
Albergo decisamente da...   showReview(14029510, 'full');  
Camere pulite e ordinate...   showReview(13532629, 'full');  
Ottimo hotel stanze ampie e...   showReview(13222901, 'full');  
L'albergo è a 10 min dal metro...   showReview(13189111, 'full');  
La stanza era piccola, il letto...   showReview(11382196, 'full');  
Das Personal war sehr...   showReview(11382198, 'full');  
Accueil et Petits déjeuners...   showReview(11382200, 'full');  
L’hotel è situato a poca...   showReview(11382199, 'full');  
Quando sono arrivato ho...   showReview(11382201, 'full');  
Hotel buono, camera spaziosa e...   showReview(11382202, 'full');  
Hotel Glories   showReview(7970426, 'full');  
Un très bel hôtel, très bien...   showReview(11382195, 'full');  
Séjour familial avec 2 enfants...   showReview(11382203, 'full');  
Siamo stati in coppia nel mese...   showReview(12648250, 'full');  
Ragazzi l' hotel era davvero...   showReview(11382205, 'full');  
La struttura ha superato le mie...   showReview(11382204, 'full');  
Wenige Gehminuten von der...   showReview(11382206, 'full');  
Hôtel très bien situé près de...   showReview(11382207, 'full');  
OTTIMA ESPERIENZA ALBERGO NON...   showReview(11382197, 'full');  
Dopo un'attenta ricerca è...   showReview(11382208, 'full');  
L'Hotel è molto vicino alla...   showReview(11382209, 'full');  
Ottimo albergo per posizione e...   showReview(11382212, 'full');  
Albergo da consigliare per...   showReview(11382211, 'full');  
Abbiamo prenotato una tripla...   showReview(11382213, 'full');  
Hotel vicino alla fermata della...   showReview(11382214, 'full');  
Als Familie mit zwei Kindern...   showReview(11382217, 'full');  
Vicino alla metro stazione...   showReview(11382216, 'full');  
Hotel tres bien situe...   showReview(11382219, 'full');  
Un buon hotel pulito consiglio...   showReview(11382218, 'full');  
La habitacion comparada con la...   showReview(11382215, 'full');  
Per un soggiorno di pochi...   showReview(11382223, 'full');  
Personale gentile, albergo...   showReview(11382222, 'full');  
Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo...   showReview(11382221, 'full');  
Hotel molto carino vicino alla...   showReview(11382220, 'full');  
Il rapporto qualità prezzo è...   showReview(11382225, 'full');  
Wegen des sehr guten...   showReview(11382224, 'full');  
Excellent hôtel, petit-déjeuner...   showReview(11382227, 'full');  
L'arbergo si trova a poche...   showReview(11382226, 'full');  
Sehr zufrieden. Wir bekamen auf...   showReview(11382229, 'full');  
Excellent petit déjeuner car le...   showReview(11382228, 'full');  
E' ormai la terza volta che ho...   showReview(11382230, 'full');  
Sono stata a Barcellona per 5...   showReview(11382231, 'full');  
Wir hatten einen sehr...   showReview(11382232, 'full');  
Chambre agréable composée de 2...   showReview(16724787, 'full');  
Soggiorno davvero piacevole in...   showReview(13775891, 'full');  
Hotel con una relacion...   showReview(13532643, 'full');  
Un albergo ottimo, pulito...   showReview(13514168, 'full');  
Il giudizio che esprimo sul...   showReview(13372228, 'full');  
Le stanze sono molto molto...   showReview(12908528, 'full');  
Lage etwas außerhalb, aber...   showReview(12650221, 'full');  
